20/20 vision
800 number
A 1
a bit
a cappella
a couple
A drive
a few
a fortiori
a good deal
a good many
a great deal
a la
a la carte
a la mode
A level
a little
a little bit
a lot
a lot of
A one
a posteriori
a priori
a sec
A student
a thing or two
A to Z
a touch of
a whole lot
A-D conversion
A-frame house
A-frame tent
A. N. Other
A.N. Other
A2 level
abductor muscle
abide by;
able seaman
ABO system
Abominable Snowman
abominable snowman
abound in;
abound with;
about time
about to
above all
above board
above-the-line promotion
absentee ballot
absentee landlord
absentee vote
absolute majority
absolute temperature
absolute zero
absolutely not
abstract expressionism
abstract expressionist
abstract noun
acacia tree
academic year
Academy Award
accelerated graphics port
accelerator board
accelerator card
accent mark
access course
access number
access profile
access provider
access road
access route
access time
accident and emergency
accident prone
accidental death
accommodation centre
accompanied baggage
accord with;
according to
account executive
account for;
account name
accounting package
accounts payable
accounts receivable
accustom to;
acetic acid
Achilles heel
Achilles tendon
Achilles' heel
acid house
acid jazz
acid rain
acid test
ackee tree
acorn squash
acquaintance rape
acquired immune deficiency syndrome
across from
across the board
acrylic acid
act for;
act of God
act on;
act out;
act up;
act upon;
action figure
action film
action group
Action Man
action movie
action point
action replay
action research
action stations
action verb
active duty
active list
active service
active voice
active window
activity holiday
acts of God
actual bodily harm
acute accent
acute angle
ad agency
ad hoc
ad hominem
ad infinitum
ad lib
ad nauseam
Adam's apple
add in;
add on;
add on to;
add to;
add up;
add up to;
Addams Family
added value
addition sign
address bar
address book
adductor muscle
adhere to;
adhesive tape
adjacent angle
adjectival group
adjective group
adjourn to;
adjustable spanner
adjustable wrench
Adjutant General
Adjutants General
administrative assistant
Admiral of the Fleet
Admiral's Cup
admit of;
admit to;
adoption agency
adrenal gland
aduki bean
adult education
advance directive
advance guard
advance poll
advanced degree
advanced guard
Advanced Higher
Advanced level
advanced level
advanced placement
Advanced Subsidiary level
Advent calendar
adventure game
adventure holiday
adventure playground
adventure travel
adverb group
adverbial group
adverbial particle
advertising agency
advertising campaign
advice column
advice columnist
advice line
advocacy group
adzuki bean
aerial root
aerobic respiration
affairs of state
affiliate marketing
affinity card
affinity group
affirmative action
affordable housing
Afghan hound
afoul of
African American
African Canadian
African Caribbean
African renaissance
African violet
after all
after-sales service
afternoon tea
Aga saga
age bracket
age discrimination
age gap
age group
age limit
age of consent
age pension
age range
Agent General
agent noun
Agent Orange
agent provocateur
Agents General
agents provocateurs
aggravated assault
aggravated burglary
agony aunt
agony column
agony uncle
Agrarian Revolution
agrarian revolution
agree with;
ahead of
ahead of time
aid agency
aid climbing
aid worker
air ambulance
air bag
air ball
air base
air bed
air bladder
air brake
air bridge
air chief marshal
air commodore
air con
air conditioned
air conditioner
air conditioning
air corridor
air cover
air crew
air drop
Air Force
air force
Air Force One
air freshener
air guitar
air gun
air hostess
air kiss
air lane
air letter
air lift
air lock
air mail
air marshal
air mass
air mattress
air mile
Air Miles
Air miles
air out;
air pistol
air pocket
air power
air pressure
air pump
air quality
air quotes
air rage
air raid
air resistance
air rifle
air sac
air show
air space
air speed
air strike
air support
air terminal
air time
air traffic control
air traffic controller
air vice-marshal
air waves
air-sea rescue
aircraft carrier
airing cupboard
airport fiction
airport novel
airport tax
aisle seat
al dente
al fresco
Aladdin's cave
alarm bell
alarm call
alarm clock
alas and alack
Albert Hall
Alcoholics Anonymous
Alexander technique
Ali Baba
Alice band
Alice in Wonderland
alight on;
alight upon;
alimentary canal
alkali metal
all along
all at once
All Blacks
all but
all by herself
all by himself
all by itself
all by myself
all by ourselves
all by themselves
all by yourself
all by yourselves
all clear
all comers
All Fools' Day
all fours
all get-out
all in all
all kinds of
all of a sudden
all out
all over
all over again
all over the place
all right
All Saints' Day
All Souls' Day
all that
all the livelong day
all the time
all the way
all-in wrestling
All-Ordinaries Index
all-points bulletin
all-purpose flour
all-singing all-dancing
all-singing, all-dancing
All-Star game
all-star game
all-terrain board
all-terrain vehicle
all-wheel drive
Allen key
Allen screw
Allen wrench
alley cat
alligator clip
allow for;
allow of;
allude to;
Alma Mater
alma mater
almond paste
aloe vera
aloha shirt
along with
alpha and omega
alpha male
alpha particle
alpha test
alpha version
alphabet soup
alpine plant
ALT key
Alt key
altar boy
alter ego
alternate angle
alternating current
alternative fuel
alternative lifestyle
alternative medicine
altitude sickness
aluminium foil
aluminum foil
alveolar ridge
Alzheimer's disease
amateur dramatic
amateur dramatics
amber fluid
amber liquid
ambient music
ambulance chaser
amebic dysentery
America's Cup
American breakfast
American cheese
American Dream
American dream
American eagle
American English
American football
American Indian
American League
American plan
American Revolution
American Sign Language
American Spanish
American way
amino acid
ammonium hydroxide
Amnesty International
amniotic fluid
amoebic dysentery
amount to;
amour propre
amped up
amusement arcade
amusement park
amyl nitrate
an awful lot
anabolic steroid
anaerobic respiration
anally retentive
anaphylactic shock
anatomically correct
ancien regime
ancient history
ancient monument
and all
and everything
and how
and so forth
and so on
and then some
Andy Warhol
angel dust
angel food cake
angel hair
anger management
angina pectoris
angle bracket
angle for;
Angostura bitters
angry young man
animal control officer
animal cracker
animal husbandry
animal kingdom
animal rights
animal testing
animated cartoon
ankle boot
ankle sock
annual general meeting
annual meeting
annual report
annual ring
annus horribilis
annus mirabilis
anonymous FTP
anorexia nervosa
answer back;
answer for;
answer to;
answering machine
answering service
ant bear
Antarctic Circle
ante meridiem
anti-lock braking system
anti-roll bar
antilock braking system
antique shop
any day
any day now
any longer
any minute now
any moment now
any more
any old
any time
any Tom, Dick or Harry
any Tom, Dick, and Harry
ANZAC Day
apart from
apartment block
apartment building
apartment complex
apartment house
aperture stop
Apex ticket
Appeal Court
appeal court
appeal tribunal
Appeals Court
appeals court
appearance money
appellate court
appertain to;
apple cider
apple juice
apple pie
apple polisher
apple sauce
application form
application software
applied linguistics
appointment book
appointment calendar
appropriate technology
approved school
April Fool
April fool
April Fool's Day
April Fools' Day
apron stage
apron string
apropos of
aptitude test
aqueous humor
aqueous humour
Arab Spring
Arabian horse
Arabic numeral
Aran jumper
Arbor Day
arborio rice
arc lamp
arc light
arc welding
arcade game
Archbishop of Canterbury
archive site
Arctic Circle
area code
area rug
arena football
arena theater
argan oil
argue into;
argue out of;
argue with;
arithmetic mean
arithmetic progression
arithmetic series
arithmetical progression
Ark of the Covenant
Arlington National Cemetery
arm candy
arm wrestler
arm wrestling
arm's length
armed forces
armed services
Armistice Day
armored personnel carrier
armoured personnel carrier
arms akimbo
arms control
arms race
army disposals store
army surplus
army surplus store
army-navy store
arranged marriage
arrestable offence
arrive at;
arrow key
arse about;
arse around;
Art Deco
art deco
art director
art form
art gallery
art history
art house
Art Nouveau
art nouveau
art theater
art therapy
artesian well
artful dodger
article of faith
articles of association
articles of incorporation
artificial insemination
artificial intelligence
artificial language
artificial respiration
artificial ventilation
artistic director
Arts and Crafts
arts and crafts
Arts Council
arum lily
as a matter of fact
as a result
as always
as far as
as far as I know
as few as
as follows
as for
as good as new
as if
AS level
as long as
as many as
as much as
as opposed to
as plain as a pikestaff
as regards
as rich as Croesus
as soon as
as soon as possible
as though
as to
as usual
as well
as well as
as yet
Ascension Day
ASCII art
ASCII file
ascorbic acid
ascribe to;
asexual reproduction
ash blond
ash blonde
ash tree
Ash Wednesday
Asia Minor
Asian American
aside from
ask after;
ask around;
ask back;
ask for;
ask out;
ask round;
asking price
aspect ratio
Asperger's syndrome
ass backwards
assault and battery
assault course
assault rifle
Assemblies of God
assembly language
assembly line
assembly plant
assembly room
assessable income
assessment center
assessment centre
asset management
asset manager
assistant professor
assistant referee
assisted living
assisted reproduction
assisted suicide
associate degree
Associate of Arts
associate professor
associate with;
Associate's degree
associate's degree
Associated Press
Association football
assumed name
assuming that
Astaire, Fred
Aston Martin
astronomical telescope
astronomical unit
asylum seeker
asymmetric bars
asymmetrical warfare
at a loss
at all
at all times
at any minute
at any moment
at any rate
at bat
at best
at ease
at fault
at first
at gunpoint
at half-mast
at half-staff
at home
at knife-point
at knifepoint
at last
at least
at length
at loggerheads
at long last
at most
at once
at present
at random
at risk
at the behest of
at the forefront
at the hustings
at the latest
at the least
at the most
at the outset
at the present time
at the same time
at the very least
at this rate
at times
at will
at your own risk
at. no.
at. wt.
athlete's foot
athletic shoe
athletic supporter
Atkins Diet
Atkins diet
Atlantic Canada
Atlantic Daylight Time
Atlantic Provinces
Atlantic Rim
Atlantic Standard Time
Atlantic time
ATM card
ATM machine
atmospheric pressure
atom bomb
atomic bomb
atomic clock
atomic energy
atomic mass
atomic mass unit
atomic number
atomic power
atomic theory
atomic weight
attache case
attack dog
attend to;
attendance allowance
attention deficit disorder
attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
attention line
attention span
attorney at law
Attorney General
attorney general
Attorneys General
attorneys general
attribute to;
attuned to
atty. gen.
au courant
au fait
au gratin
au jus
au naturel
au pair
au revoir
auction house
auction of promises
auction off;
auction room
audio book
audio tape
audio typist
Audit Commission
audit trail
auditory nerve
Augean stables
augmented reality
Auld Lang Syne
auld lang syne
Aunt Sally
Aurora Australis
aurora australis
Aurora Borealis
aurora borealis
Aussie Rules
Australia Day
Australian Rules
Australian Rules Football
Australian Rules football
authoring software
authority figure
Authorized Version
auto bra
auto racing
autogenic training
automated teller
automated teller machine
automated-teller machine
automatic hyphenation
automatic pilot
automatic recovery program
automatic teller
automatic teller machine
automatic transmission
automatic writing
autonomic nervous system
auxiliary device
auxiliary nurse
auxiliary verb
average out;
average out to;
aversion therapy
avian flu
aviator glasses
avocado pear
aw shucks
awake to;
awaken to;
award wage
away from
Ayurvedic medicine
B and B
b and b
B and S
B and S Ball
b and w
B Ed
B movie
B road
babe in arms
babe magnet
babes in the wood
baby blue
baby blues
baby book
baby boom
baby boomer
baby bouncer
Baby Buggy
baby buggy
baby carriage
baby fat
baby food
baby grand
baby milk
baby oil
baby shower
baby talk
baby teeth
baby tooth
baby walker
baby's breath
bachelor apartment
bachelor flat
bachelor girl
Bachelor of Arts
Bachelor of Science
bachelor pad
bachelor party
bachelor's degree
bachelorette party
Bachelors of Arts
Bachelors of Science
back alley
back and forth
back away;
back bench
back burner
back catalog
back catalogue
back copy
back country
back door
back down;
back end
back formation
back handed
back into;
back issue
back matter
back number
back of beyond
back of Bourke
back off;
back office
back onto;
back order
back out;
back out of;
back passage
back pay
back payment
back road
back room
back saw
back seat
back seat driver
back story
back street
back talk
back tax
back to back
back to front
back up;
back yard
back-alley abortion
back-room boys
back-seat driver
backed up
background music
background noise
background processing
background radiation
backroom boy
backseat driver
backstreet abortion
backup light
backup software
backup utility
backward classes
backward compatible
backward looking
backwards compatible
Bactrian camel
bad apple
bad blood
bad boy
bad break
bad breath
bad check
bad cheque
bad debt
bad faith
bad feeling
bad form
bad guy
bad hair day
bad language
bad lot
bad news
bad off
badly off
Bafana Bafana
bag lady
bag lunch
bag of bones
bag up;
baggage allowance
baggage car
baggage carousel
baggage check
baggage claim
baggage handler
baggage reclaim
baggage room
baggage storage
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malaysia
bail out;
bail out of;
bait and switch
bake sale
baked Alaska
baked beans
baked potato
baker's dozen
baking flour
baking hot
baking powder
baking sheet
baking soda
baking tray
Bakke decision
balaclava helmet
balance beam
balance of payments
balance of power
balance of trade
balance out;
balance sheet
balanced equation
balancing act
bald eagle
bald patch
bald spot
bale out;
ball and chain
ball bearing
ball boy
ball cock
ball game
ball girl
ball hockey
ball of fire
ball of wax
ball park
ball player
ball up;
ball-and-socket joint
ballet pump
ballet shoe
ballistic missile
balloon mortgage
balloon payment
balloon whisk
ballot box
ballot paper
ballot rigging
ballpoint pen
ballroom dance
balls up;
balsa tree
balsa wood
balsam fir
balsamic vinegar
bamboo shoots
banana belt
banana peel
banana republic
banana skin
banana split
band council
band saw
band together;
band-aid solution
bandage up;
bandicoot rat
bandy about;
bandy around;
bang about;
bang around;
bang away;
bang on;
bang on about;
bang out;
bang up;
banged up
bank account
bank balance
bank card
bank charges
bank draft
bank holiday
bank machine
bank manager
bank note
bank of England
bank on;
bank rate
bank statement
bank up;
banker's card
banker's draft
banker's order
banned substance
banner ad
banner advertisement
banner headline
banner year
banoffee pie
banoffi pie
banqueting hall
banyan tree
baptism of fire
bar billiards
bar chart
bar code
bar exam
bar graph
bar line
Bar Mitzvah
bar mitzvah
bar stool
barbecue sauce
barbed wire
barber shop
barber's pole
barbershop quartet
Barbie doll
bare bones
bare infinitive
barf bag
bargain away;
bargain basement
bargain for;
bargain hunter
bargain hunting
bargain on;
bargaining chip
bargaining counter
bargaining position
bargaining power
barge in;
barge in on;
barge pole
barium meal
bark cloth
barking mad
barley sugar
barley water
barley wine
barn burner
barn dance
barn owl
barrage balloon
barrel organ
barrel roll
barrier cream
barrier island
barrier method
barrier reef
barrow boy
bas mitzvah
base camp
base currency
base form
base hardware
base hit
base jumper
BASE jumping
base jumping
base line
base metal
base on;
base on balls
base path
base pay
base rate
base runner
base upon;
baseball cap
baseball jacket
bash away;
bash away at;
bash away on;
bash down;
bash in;
bash on;
bash on with;
bash out;
bash up;
Basic English
basic training
basis point
bask in;
basket case
basmati rice
bass clef
bass drum
bass guitar
basset hound
basting brush
bat around;
bat in;
Bat Mitzvah
bat mitzvah
batch file
batch processing
Bates Motel
bath chair
bath house
bath mat
bath oil
bath salts
bath towel
bath water
bathing cap
bathing costume
bathing machine
bathing suit
bathing trunks
bathroom suite
baton charge
baton round
batten down;
batten on;
batter down;
battering ram
battery farm
battery pack
batting average
battle cruiser
battle cry
battle fatigue
battle fatigues
battle line
Battle of Britain
bawl out;
bay leaf
Bay of Pigs
bay tree
bay window
BB gun
BB shot
BBC English
BBC World Service
be an open book
be my guest
be onto;
be-all and end-all
beach ball
beach buggy
beach bum
beach chair
beach towel
beach volleyball
Beacon Hill
beam balance
beam down;
beam up;
bean bag
bean counter
bean curd
bean sprout
beanbag chair
bear claw
bear down;
bear down on;
bear hug
bear market
bear on;
bear out;
bear up;
bear up against;
bear up under;
bear upon;
bear with;
bearnaise sauce
beast of burden
beat back;
beat down;
beat down on;
beat down to;
Beat Generation
beat generation
beat off;
beat on;
beat out;
beat out of;
beat to;
beat up;
beat up on;
beaten up
beau monde
Beaufort scale
Beauty and the Beast
beauty contest
beauty mark
beauty pageant
beauty parade
beauty parlor
beauty parlour
beauty part
beauty queen
beauty salon
beauty school
beauty shop
beauty sleep
beauty spot
beaux arts
beaver away;
because of
bechamel sauce
beck and call
become of;
bed and board
bed and breakfast
bed bath
bed bug
bed down;
bed linen
bed of roses
bed out;
bed rest
bed sheet
bedding plant
bedroom community
bedroom eyes
bedroom suburb
bedside manner
bedside table
bedsitting room
bee's knees
beech tree
beef steak
beef tea
beef tomato
beef up;
beefsteak tomato
beer belly
beer cellar
beer garden
beer gut
beer mat
beer mug
beetle away;
beetle off;
before long
before you can say Jack Robinson
before you know it
beg off;
begging bowl
begging letter
beginner's luck
behaviour therapy
behavioural therapy
behind the scenes
behind the times
bel canto
belch out;
Belgian endive
Belgian waffle
belief system
believe in;
Belisha beacon
bell curve
bell jar
bell pepper
bell pull
bell push
bell ringer
bell tower
bells and whistles
belly button
belly dance
belly dancer
belly flop
belly laugh
belly out;
belly up to;
belong to;
below stairs
below-the-line promotion
belt down;
belt out;
belt up;
bench mark
bench press
bench seat
bended knee
bendy bus
Benedict Arnold
benefit in kind
benevolent society
bent double
benzoic acid
bergamot oil
Berkeley, Busby
Berlin Wall
Bermuda shorts
Bermuda Triangle
besetting sin
beside the point
bespoke tailor
best boy
best man
best of all
best of breed
best of luck
best practice
best seller
best-before date
beta blocker
beta carotene
beta decay
beta male
beta particle
beta ray
beta site
beta test
beta version
bete noire
betel nut
betes noires
Better Business Bureau
better half
Better Homes and Gardens
better nature
betting shop
Betty Crocker
Betty Ford Clinic
Beverly Hills
bevvied up
beyond measure
beyond recall
beyond the ken
bias tape
bib overalls
Bible Belt
Bible belt
bible belt
Bible thumper
Bible thumping
bicarbonate of soda
bicycle clip
bicycle lane
bicycle shorts
bid price
bid up;
bidding war
Big Apple
Big Bad Wolf
big band
Big Bang
big bang
big bang theory
big beast
Big Ben
Big Board
big box
big boys
Big Brother
big bucks
big business
big cat
big cheese
Big Chief
big city
big data
big day
big deal
Big Dipper
big dipper
Big Easy
big end
big fish
big game
big government
big gun
big hair
big head
big hitter
big house
Big Issue
big league
Big Man on Campus
big money
big mouth
Big Muddy
big name
big noise
big picture
big science
big screen
big shot
Big Smoke
big smoke
big stick
big tent
big time
big toe
big top
big up;
Big Wheel
big wheel
big word
big-box store
bighorn sheep
bike lane
bike rack
bike shed
bikini line
bile duct
bilge water
bill as;
bill of costs
bill of entry
bill of exchange
bill of fare
bill of goods
bill of lading
Bill of Rights
bill of rights
bill of sale
Billy Bunter
billy club
billy goat
bimetallic strip
bin bag
bin liner
binary code
binary number
binary system
bind over;
binding theory
binge drinker
binge drinking
binge eating
bingo wings
binocular vision
biological clock
biological control
biological diversity
biological warfare
biological weapon
bipolar affective disorder
bipolar disorder
birch tree
bird bath
bird cage
bird dog
bird feeder
bird flu
bird life
bird of paradise
bird of passage
bird of prey
bird song
bird strike
bird table
bird watcher
bird watching
bird's eye view
bird's-eye view
Birdsville Track
birth canal
birth certificate
birth control
birth defect
birth father
birth mother
birth parent
birth partner
birth rate
Birthday Honours
Birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr.
birthday suit
bit part
bit player
bitch out;
bite at;
bite back;
bite back at;
bite into;
bite off;
bitter end
bitter lemon
bitter pill
bittersweet chocolate
bituminous coal
bivvy sack
bivy sack
black Africa
black and blue
black and white
Black Angus
black art
black bear
black belt
black box
black cab
black cherry
black comedy
Black Country
black currant
black currant bush
Black Death
black death
black diamond
black economic empowerment
black economy
black empowerment
Black English
black English
black eye
black flag
black fly
Black Forest cake
Black Forest gateau
black gold
black hole
Black Hole of Calcutta
black humour
black ice
black look
black lung
black magic
Black Maria
black mark
black market
black marketeer
black marketer
black mass
black money
black mood
Black Muslim
black ops
black out;
black pepper
Black Power
black power
black pudding
Black Rod
black sheep
black spot
black stump
black tie
black treacle
black widow
black-eyed bean
black-eyed pea
black-eyed Susan
blackberry bush
blackcurrant bush
blah blah
blah blah blah
blah, blah, blah
blame game
blank cartridge
blank check
blank cheque
blank out;
blank slate
blank verse
blanket bath
blanket bombing
blare out;
blast away;
blast furnace
blast off;
blast out;
blaze away;
blaze up;
blazing hot
bleeding edge
bleeding heart
bleep out;
blend in;
blend into;
blended family
blended learner
blended learning
Blessed Virgin
blind alley
blind certificate
blind copy
blind date
blind drunk
blind man's bluff
blind man's buff
blind side
blind spot
blind test
blind trust
blindman's bluff
bling bling
blink away;
blink back;
bliss out;
blister pack
blithering idiot
block and tackle
block booking
block capitals
block grant
block graph
block in;
block letters
block light
block of flats
block off;
block out;
block party
block release
block up;
block vote
blond bombshell
blonde bombshell
blood and thunder
blood bank
blood bath
blood brother
blood cell
blood clot
blood count
blood donor
blood doping
blood drive
blood feud
blood group
blood heat
blood lust
blood money
blood orange
blood platelet
blood poisoning
blood pressure
blood products
blood pudding
blood red
blood relation
blood relative
blood sausage
blood sport
blood sugar
blood test
blood ties
blood transfusion
blood type
blood vessel
Bloody Mary
Bloomsbury Group
blot out;
blot up;
blotting paper
blow apart;
blow away;
blow down;
blow dryer
blow in;
blow into;
blow job
blow lamp
blow off;
blow out;
blow over;
blow up;
blow up at;
Blu-Ray Disc
blue baby
blue badge
blue blood
Blue Book
blue book
blue box
blue cheese
blue chip
blue crane
blue flag
blue funk
blue helmet
blue jay
blue jeans
blue law
blue moon
blue movie
blue pages
Blue Peter
blue plaque
blue riband
blue ribbon
blue streak
blue tit
blue whale
blue-eyed boy
bluetongue disease
blunder about;
blunder around;
blunder into;
blunder on;
blunt instrument
blurt out;
blush wine
BMX bike
boa constrictor
board and lodging
board certified
board examinations
board exams
board game
board of directors
board off;
board out;
board over;
board room
board shorts
board up;
boarded up
boarding and lodging
boarding card
boarding house
boarding kennel
boarding pass
boarding school
boat builder
boat building
boat house
boat load
boat people
Boat Race
boat train
bob up;
Bob's your uncle
bobble hat
bobby pin
bobby socks
bobby sox
bobsled run
bobsleigh run
bodge up;
bodice ripper
bodily function
body armor
body armour
body bag
body blow
body builder
body building
body check
body clock
body count
body double
body English
body image
body language
body mass index
body odor
body odour
body piercing
body politic
body popping
body search
body shop
body snatcher
body stocking
body suit
body swerve
body temperature
body warmer
Boer War
bog down;
bog off;
bog roll
bog standard
bogey man
bogged down
bogus caller
boho chic
boil down;
boil down to;
boil over;
boil up;
boiled sweet
boiler plate
boiler room
boiler suit
boiling hot
boiling point
boiling tube
bok choy
bola tie
boll weevil
bolo tie
bolognese sauce
bolster up;
bolt down;
bolt upright
bomb alert
bomb bay
bomb disposal
bomb disposal unit
bomb out;
bomb out of;
bomb scare
bomb shelter
bomb site
bomb squad
bomb threat
Bombay mix
bomber jacket
bon appetit
bon mot
bon vivant
bon viveur
bon voyage
bona fide
bona fides
bond paper
Bond, James
bonded labor
bonded laborer
bonded labour
bonded labourer
bonded warehouse
bone china
bone dry
bone idle
bone marrow
bone meal
bone of contention
bone structure
bone up;
Bonfire Night
bonfire night
bongo drum
bons mots
bons vivants
bons viveurs
bonsai tree
boob job
boob tube
booby hatch
booby prize
booby trap
Boogie Board
boogie board
book club
book group
book in;
book into;
book learning
Book of Common Prayer
book on;
book token
book up;
book value
bookable offence
booked up
Booker Prize
booking clerk
booking office
Boolean operator
Boolean search
boom and bust
boom box
boom out;
boom town
boom-bust cycle
boomerang child
boomerang kid
boon companion
boost up;
booster cushion
booster rocket
booster seat
booster shot
boot camp
boot disk
Boot Hill
boot out;
boot out of;
boot sale
boot up;
bootstrap program
booze cruise
Border collie
border crossing
border line
border on;
bore into;
boric acid
borlotti bean
borrowing power
bosom buddy
bosom friend
bosom pal
boss about;
boss around;
bossa nova
Boston baked beans
Boston cream pie
Boston lettuce
Boston Pops
Boston Tea Party
botanic garden
botanical garden
Botany Bay
botch up;
bottle bank
bottle blond
bottle blonde
bottle cap
bottle green
bottle opener
bottle out;
bottle out of;
bottle party
bottle shop
bottle store
bottle top
bottle up;
bottled water
bottlenose dolphin
bottom drawer
bottom feeder
bottom gear
bottom line
bottom out;
bottomless pit
bouillon cube
bounce around;
bounce back;
bounce into;
bounce off;
bounce pass
bouncy castle
bound up
bounden duty
bounty hunter
bouquet garni
bouquets garnis
bourbon whiskey
boutique hotel
Bow Bells
bow down;
bow down to;
bow legs
bow out;
bow tie
bow to;
bow window
bowel movement
bowie knife
bowl over;
bowler hat
bowling alley
bowling ball
bowling green
box canyon
box cutter
box end wrench
box in;
box junction
box kite
box lunch
box number
box off;
box office
box room
box score
box seat
box spanner
box spring
box up;
box wrench
boxed in
boxer shorts
Boxing Day
boxing glove
boxing ring
boy band
boy racer
Boy Scout
boy scout
Boy Scouts of America
boy shorts
boy toy
boy wonder
Boys' Own
brace position
Brady Bunch
bragging rights
brain box
brain cell
brain damage
brain dead
brain death
brain drain
brain stem
brain surgery
brain teaser
brain trust
brain wave
brains trust
braising steak
brake block
brake cable
brake fluid
brake light
brake pad
brake pedal
brake shoe
bran tub
branch line
branch off;
branch out;
brand image
brand leader
brand loyalty
brand name
brand new
branding iron
brandy butter
brandy snap
brass band
brass hat
brass knuckles
brass monkey weather
brass monkeys
brass neck
brass ring
brass rubbing
brass tacks
brassed off
brat pack
brave new world
brave out;
brazen out;
Brazil nut
brazil nut
Brazilian wax
breach of the peace
bread and butter
bread basket
bread bin
bread knife
bread palm
bread roll
bread tree
bread-and-butter pudding
break away;
break away from;
break dancer
break dancing
break down;
break for;
break from;
break in;
break into;
break of serve
break off;
break open;
break out;
break out in;
break out of;
break point
break through;
break time
break up;
break up with;
break with;
break-even point
breakbone fever
breakdown lane
breakdown lorry
breakdown truck
breaker's yard
breakfast table
breakfast television
breaking and entering
breaking point
breakneck speed
breakup value
breast bone
breast feed
breast milk
breast pocket
breast pump
breath freshener
breath test
breathe in;
breathe out;
breathing room
breathing space
breathing spell
breech birth
breech delivery
breeder reactor
breeding ground
breeze block
breeze through;
brew up;
brick in;
brick red
brick up;
bricks and mortar
bridal party
bridal shower
bridal suite
bridge loan
Bridget Jones
bridging loan
bridle path
brief against;
brigadier general
bright lights
bright spark
bright young thing
bright-eyed and bushy-tailed
brighten up;
Brillo pad
brim over;
bring about;
bring along;
bring and buy sale
bring around;
bring around to;
bring back;
bring before;
bring down;
bring forth;
bring forward;
bring in;
bring off;
bring on;
bring out;
bring out in;
bring over;
bring round;
bring through;
bring to;
bring together;
bring up;
bring up against;
bring upon;
bring-and-buy sale
bristle with;
Bristol fashion
Brit Awards
British Asian
British Council
British Empire
British English
British Isles
British Legion
British Lions
British Open
British overseas territory
British Summer Time
British thermal unit
brittle bone disease
broad bean
broad brush
broad church
broad jump
broad jumper
Broadcasting House
broaden out;
broadside on
Broca's area
broccoli rabe
brochure site
broderie anglaise
broiler chicken
broiler pan
broken heart
broken home
bronchial tube
Bronx cheer
Bronze Age
bronze medal
bronze medalist
bronze medallist
Bronze Star
brood mare
Brooklyn Bridge
broom closet
broom cupboard
brothel creepers
brown ale
brown bag
brown belt
brown betty
brown bread
brown dwarf
brown goods
brown paper
brown rat
brown recluse
brown recluse spider
brown rice
brown sauce
brown sugar
Brown v Board of Education
Brown v. Board of Education
brown-bag lunch
browned off
Brownian motion
Brownie Guide
Brownie point
brownie point
browse mode
brush aside;
brush away;
brush down;
brush off;
brush up;
brush up on;
Brussel sprout
Brussels sprout
brussels sprout
brute force
bubble and squeak
bubble bath
bubble gum
bubble jet printer
bubble over;
bubble over with;
bubble pack
bubble under;
bubble up;
bubble with;
Bubble Wrap
bubble wrap
bubblejet printer
bubonic plague
buck for;
Buck House
buck naked
buck private
buck rabbit
buck teeth
buck up;
Buck's Fizz
buck's party
bucket down;
bucket seat
bucket shop
Buckingham Palace
buckle down;
buckle up;
Buckley's chance
Bucks Fizz
bucks party
buckwheat flour
buddy movie
buddy system
buddy up;
buddy up to;
budge up;
budget account
budget for;
budgie smugglers
buff up;
buffalo wing
buffer state
buffer zone
buffet car
bug off;
bug out;
bugger about;
bugger all
bugger around;
bugger it
bugger off;
bugger up;
Buggins' turn
build around;
build in;
build into;
build on;
build onto;
build up;
build up to;
build upon;
builders' merchant
building block
building blocks
building permit
building site
building society
built environment
bulgar wheat
bulgur wheat
bulimia nervosa
bulk buy
bulk carrier
bulk out;
bulk up;
bull bar
bull dyke
bull horn
bull market
bull mastiff
bull pen
bull run
bull session
bull terrier
Bulldog clip
bulldog clip
bullet point
bullet train
bulletin board
bully boy
bully off;
bully pulpit
bum about;
bum around;
bum bag
bum out;
bum rap
bum steer
bum's rush
bumble about;
bumble around;
bumble bee
bump along;
bump into;
bump off;
bump up;
bump up against;
bumper car
bumper sticker
bunch together;
bunch up;
bundle of joy
bundle off;
bundle together;
bundle up;
bundle up in;
bundled software
bung up;
bunged up
bungee cord
bungee jump
bungee jumper
bungee jumping
bunk bed
bunk down;
bunk off;
bunker buster
bunker mentality
bunny rabbit
bunny slope
Bunsen burner
bunsen burner
buoy up;
burble on;
burden of proof
bureau de change
bureaus de change
bureaux de change
burglar alarm
burial ground
burn away;
burn down;
burn in;
burn off;
burn out;
burn through;
burn up;
burned out
burning ghat
burning hot
Burns Night
burnt ocher
burnt ochre
burnt offering
burnt out
burnt sienna
burnt umber
burst in;
burst in on;
burst into;
burst on;
burst onto;
burst out;
bus boy
bus conductor
bus girl
bus lane
bus pass
bus shelter
bus station
bus stop
bush baby
bush fire
bush league
bush leaguer
bush medicine
bush pilot
bush rat
bush telegraph
business administration
business angel
business card
business class
business day
business end
business hours
business lounge
business park
business person
business plan
business school
business studies
business suit
business traveller
busman's holiday
bust out;
bust up;
busted flush
busy bee
busy Lizzie
busy season
busy signal
but for
but then
but then again
butcher block
butcher's block
butt in;
butt in on;
butt naked
butt out;
butt up;
butter bean
butter knife
butter tart
butter up;
butterfly bush
butterfly nut
butterfly stroke
butternut squash
button bar
button day
button fly
button lift
button mushroom
button nose
button up;
button-down collar
buttoned down
buttoned up
buy in;
buy into;
buy off;
buy out;
buy up;
buyer's market
buyer's remorse
buyers' market
buying power
buzz about;
buzz around;
buzz cut
buzz group
buzz in;
buzz off;
buzz saw
buzzed up
by accident
by all means
by and by
by and large
by dint of
by far
by hand
by herself
by himself
by itself
by jingo
by Jove
by means of
by mistake
by myself
by no means
by now
by ourselves
by reason of
by the way
by themselves
by way of
by yourself
by yourselves
bye week
C in C
C of C
C of E
c'est la vie
C. diff
C. difficile
cab driver
cabin baggage
cabin boy
cabin crew
cabin cruiser
cabin fever
cabin staff
cabinet maker
cabinet minister
Cabinet Office
cable car
cable modem
cable railway
cable stitch
cable television
cable TV
cache memory
caddis fly
caddis worm
Caesar salad
caesar salad
Caesarean section
caesarean section
Caesarian section
cafe bar
caffe latte
cage diving
cage fighting
cake mix
cake pan
cake tin
calabash tree
calamine lotion
calcium carbonate
calcium hydroxide
calcium sulfate
calcium sulphate
calculate on;
calculated risk
calendar month
calendar year
calico cat
call after;
call at;
call away;
call back;
call box
call by;
call center
call centre
call divert
call down;
call for;
call forth;
call forwarding
call girl
call in;
call letters
call number
call of nature
call off;
call on;
call out;
call round;
call sign
call up;
call upon;
call waiting
caller display
caller ID
calling card
calm down;
Calor gas
Calvin Klein
camel hair
camel's hair
cameo role
camera obscura
camera operator
camera person
camera phone
camp bed
Camp David
Camp Fire
Camp Fire girl
camp follower
camp meeting
camp out;
camp up;
campaign trail
camped out
camper van
camping ground
camping site
can of worms
can opener
Canada Day
Canada goose
Canada Pension Plan
Canada Revenue Agency
Canadian bacon
Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms
Canadian football
Canadian goose
Canadian Security Intelligence Service
canal boat
canary yellow
cancel out;
candied peel
candy apple
candy bar
candy cane
candy floss
candy striper
cane rat
cane sugar
canine tooth
canker sore
canned laughter
cannon ball
cannon fodder
canola oil
canon law
canonical form
canteen culture
Cape Canaveral
Cape Cod
capillary action
capital account
capital asset
capital city
capital crime
capital expenditure
capital gain
capital gains
capital gains tax
capital goods
capital inflow
capital intensive
capital investment
capital letter
capital loss
capital market
capital offence
capital outlay
capital punishment
capital sum
capitalise on;
capitalise upon;
capitalize on;
capitalize upon;
Capitol Hill
capri pants
caps lock
caps lock key
capsule hotel
captain of industry
captive audience
captive breeding
car alarm
car bomb
car boot sale
car bra
car crash
car guard
car park
car phone
car pool
car port
car seat
car tax
car wash
car-crash telly
car-crash TV
caravan park
caravan site
carbolic acid
carbolic soap
carbon capture
carbon capture and storage
carbon chain
carbon copy
carbon credit
carbon cycle
carbon dating
carbon dioxide
carbon emissions
carbon footprint
carbon monoxide
carbon monoxide poisoning
carbon neutral
carbon offset
carbon paper
carbon sink
carbon tax
carbon trading
carbonic acid
card catalog
card catalogue
card game
card index
card key
card shark
card sharp
card swipe
card table
card vote
card-carrying member
cardboard city
cardboard cut-out
cardiac arrest
cardigan sweater
cardinal number
cardinal point
cardinal sin
cardinal vowel
cardiopulmonary resuscitation
care assistant
care for;
care home
care in the community
care label
care order
care package
care worker
career break
career coach
career gapper
career structure
career woman
caretaker government
cargo pants
caring profession
carnal knowledge
Carnegie Hall
carob tree
carol singer
carol singing
carotid artery
carpal tunnel syndrome
carpe diem
carpet bag
carpet bombing
carpet slipper
carpet sweeper
carpool lane
carriage clock
carriage house
carriage return
carrier bag
carrier pigeon
carrion crow
carrot and stick
carry back;
carry forward;
carry off;
carry on;
Carry On film
carry on with;
carry out;
carry over;
carry through;
carry through on;
carry through with;
carrying case
carrying charge
cart off;
cart track
carte blanche
cartoon strip
cartridge paper
cartridge pen
carve out;
carve up;
carving fork
carving knife
case history
case in point
case law
case load
case study
case work
case worker
casement window
cash and carry
cash back
cash bar
cash box
cash card
cash cow
cash crop
cash desk
cash discount
cash dispenser
cash flow
cash in;
cash in on;
cash machine
cash on delivery
cash out;
cash register
cash transfer
cash up;
cashed up
cashew nut
cashew tree
cashier's check
cashier's cheque
cashier's desk
casserole dish
cassette player
cassette recorder
cast about;
cast about for;
cast adrift;
cast around;
cast around for;
cast aside;
cast away;
cast iron
cast off;
cast on;
cast out;
cast up;
caster sugar
casting couch
casting vote
castor oil
castor sugar
casus belli
cat and mouse
cat burglar
cat door
cat flap
cat litter
CAT scan
CAT scanner
cat's cradle
cat's eyes
catalytic converter
catbird seat
Catch 22
catch at;
catch on;
catch on to;
catch out;
catch phrase
catch unawares
catch up;
catch up on;
catch up with;
catch-22 situation
catch-up TV
catchment area
category A
cater for;
cater to;
Caterpillar track
Caterpillar tractor
cathedral ceiling
Catherine wheel
catherine wheel
cathode ray tube
cathode-ray tube
cattle auction
cattle cake
cattle call
cattle duffing
cattle grid
cattle guard
cattle market
cattle prod
caught red-handed
cauliflower cheese
cauliflower ear
cauliflower with cheese
cause celebre
causes celebres
caustic soda
cautionary tale
cautious optimism
cave in;
cave in on;
cave in to;
cave man
cave painting
caveat emptor
cavity wall
cavity wall insulation
cayenne pepper
CB radio
CD burner
CD player
CD writer
CD-ROM drive
cease and desist order
cedar tree
ceiling rose
celebrity chef
celestial body
celestial object
celiac disease
cell membrane
cell phone
cell wall
cellular phone
cellular telephone
Celtic cross
Celtic fringe
cement mixer
cement over;
center around;
center back
center field
center fielder
center forward
center half
center ice
center of excellence
center of gravity
center on;
center spread
center stage
center upon;
Central America
Central American
central bank
central banker
central casting
central city
Central Daylight Time
Central European Time
central government
central heating
Central Intelligence Agency
central locking
central nervous system
central processing unit
central reservation
Central Standard Time
Central time
centrally heated
centre around;
centre back
centre field
centre fielder
centre forward
centre half
centre ice
centre in;
centre of excellence
centre of gravity
centre on;
centre round;
centre spread
centre stage
centre upon;
centrifugal force
centripetal force
cerebral cortex
cerebral hemisphere
cerebral palsy
certain of
certificate authority
certificate of deposit
certified check
certified cheque
certified mail
certified public accountant
cervical smear
Cesarean section
cesarean section
chafing dish
chain gang
chain letter
chain mail
chain of command
chain reaction
chain saw
chain smoker
chain stitch
chain store
chain up;
chain-link fence
chair lift
chaise longue
chaise lounge
chaises longues
chalk talk
chalk up;
chalk up to;
chamber music
Chamber of Commerce
chamber of commerce
chamber of horrors
chamber orchestra
chamber pot
chamois leather
champagne flute
champagne socialist
chance on;
chance upon;
Chancellor of the Exchequer
chancery court
change around;
change back;
change back into;
change down;
change into;
change management
change of heart
change of life
change of pace
change over;
change over from;
change over to;
change purse
change round;
change up;
Changing of the Guard
changing room
changing table
channel hopping
Channel Islands
channel surfing
Channel Tunnel
chantry chapel
chaos theory
chapel of rest
Chapter 11
Chapter 7
chapter house
character actor
character assassination
character recognition
character reference
character set
charcoal gray
charcoal grey
charge account
charge capping
charge card
charge d'affaires
charge hand
charge nurse
charge sheet
charge up;
charges d'affaires
charity shop
charley horse
charm bracelet
charm offensive
charm school
charmed circle
charnel house
charter flight
charter member
charter school
chartered accountant
chase away;
chase down;
chase off;
chase out;
chase up;
chastity belt
chat away;
chat group
chat line
chat room
chat show
chat up;
chat-up line
chattering classes
cheap rate
cheap shot
cheap thrill
cheat of;
cheat on;
cheat out of;
cheat sheet
check against;
check back;
check card
check guarantee card
check in;
check in at;
check indicator
check into;
check list
check mark
check off;
check off on;
check on;
check out;
check out of;
check over;
check stub
check through;
check up;
check up on;
check-in counter
check-in desk
checkbook journalism
checkered flag
checking account
checking program
checkout counter
checks and balances
Cheddar cheese
cheddar cheese
cheer on;
cheer up;
cheese biscuit
cheese board
cheese knife
cheese straw
cheesed off
chef d'oeuvre
chef salad
chef's salad
chefs d'oeuvre
Chelsea bun
Chelsea tractor
chemical digestion
chemical element
chemical engineer
chemical engineering
chemical equation
chemical formula
chemical peel
chemical reaction
chemical warfare
chemical weapon
chemistry set
cheque book
cheque card
cheque guarantee card
cheque stub
cheque-book journalism
chequebook journalism
chequered flag
chequing account
cherry bomb
cherry picker
cherry red
cherry tomato
cherry tree
cherry wood
Cheshire cat
chess piece
chess set
chest compression
chest of drawers
chestnut tree
cheval glass
chew off;
chew on;
chew out;
chew over;
chew toy
chew up;
chewing gum
chewing tobacco
chi-square test
chick flick
chick lit
chick pea
chicken feed
chicken flu
Chicken Little
chicken out;
chicken out of;
chicken pox
chicken run
chicken wire
chicken-fried steak
chickpea flour
chicle gum
Chief Constable
chief constable
Chief Executive
chief executive
chief executive officer
chief inspector
Chief Justice
chief justice
chief minister
chief of police
Chief of Staff
chief of staff
chief of state
Chief Rabbi
chief rabbi
chief superintendent
child abuse
child benefit
child labour
child molester
child prodigy
child proof
child restraint
child seat
child support
child's play
children's home
chile con carne
chili con carne
chili dog
chili pepper
chili powder
chili sauce
chill factor
chill out;
chill room
chill-out room
chilli con carne
chilli pepper
chilli powder
chime in;
chime in with;
chime with;
chimney breast
chimney piece
chimney pot
chimney stack
chimney sweep
chin rest
china clay
China tea
Chinese cabbage
Chinese checkers
Chinese chequers
Chinese gooseberry
Chinese lantern
Chinese leaf
Chinese leaves
Chinese medicine
Chinese puzzle
Chinese whispers
chinless wonder
chinook salmon
chinook wind
Chip and PIN
Chip and Pin
chip and pin
chip away;
chip away at;
chip card
chip in;
chip in with;
chip off;
chip pan
chip shop
chip shot
chipped beef
choc ice
chocolate box
chocolate chip
chocolate chip cookie
choir loft
choir stalls
choke back;
choke chain
choke collar
choke down;
choke hold
choke off;
choke out;
choke up;
choked up
choo choo
choo-choo train
chop at;
chop away at;
chop down;
chop house
chop off;
chop suey
chop up;
chopped liver
chopping block
chopping board
chorus girl
chorus line
choux pastry
chow chow
chow down;
chow mein
Christian era
Christian name
Christian Science
Christian Scientist
Christmas box
Christmas cake
Christmas card
Christmas carol
Christmas cracker
Christmas Day
Christmas dinner
Christmas Eve
Christmas pudding
Christmas stocking
Christmas time
Christmas tree
chrome steel
chrome yellow
chromium steel
chronic fatigue syndrome
chuck away;
chuck in;
chuck off;
chuck out;
chuck out of;
chuck steak
chuck up;
chuck wagon
chucker out
chum up;
chump change
Church of England
Church of Scotland
church school
churn out;
churn rate
churn up;
Chutes and Ladders
chutes and ladders
ciabatta bread
cider vinegar
cigarette butt
cigarette end
cigarette holder
cigarette lighter
cigarette paper
ciliary muscle
Cinco de Mayo
cinder block
cinema hall
cinema verite
circuit board
circuit breaker
circuit court
circuit diagram
circuit judge
circuit training
circular file
circular saw
circumflex accent
citizen journalism
citizen journalist
citizen's arrest
Citizens Advice
Citizens Advice Bureau
citizens band
Citizens' Band
Citizens' Band radio
citric acid
citronella oil
citrus fruit
citrus tree
city academy
City and Guilds Institute
city centre
city council
city councillor
city desk
city editor
city father
City Fathers
city gent
City Hall
city hall
city planner
city planning
city slicker
city state
civic center
civic centre
civic holiday
civil action
civil defence
civil defense
civil disobedience
civil engineer
civil engineering
civil law
civil libertarian
civil liberties
civil liberty
Civil List
civil list
civil marriage
civil partnership
civil rights
civil rights movement
civil servant
Civil Service
civil service
civil society
civil union
Civil War
civil war
Civvy Street
civvy street
claim back;
claim form
claims adjuster
claims adjustor
clam up;
clamp down;
clamp down on;
clamp on;
clap in;
clap out;
Clapham omnibus
clapped out
clarion call
clasp knife
class A drug
class act
class action
class consciousness
class struggle
class teacher
class war
classic car
classical music
classified ad
classified advertisement
classified advertising
classified directory
claw back;
claw hammer
clay court
clay pigeon
clay pigeon shooting
clean and jerk
clean down;
clean from;
clean living
clean off;
clean out;
clean room
clean up;
clean up after;
cleaning lady
cleaning person
cleaning woman
clear away;
clear l
clear off;
clear out;
clear out of;
clear up;
clear up after;
clearance sale
clearing bank
clearing house
cleave to;
cleft lip
cleft palate
cleft sentence
cleft stick
clerical collar
clerk of works
clever clogs
clever Dick
clever dick
click bait
click rate
click through;
click through to;
client state
cliff jumping
climate change
climb down;
climb down over;
climbing frame
climbing wall
cling film
cling on to;
cling to;
clinical depression
clinical thermometer
clinical trial
clinically depressed
Clint Eastwood
clip art
clip joint
clip off;
cloche hat
clock in;
clock in at;
clock off;
clock on;
clock out;
clock radio
clock speed
clock tower
clock up;
clog dance
clog up;
close call
close down;
close harmony
close in;
close in on;
close off;
close on;
close out;
close over;
close season
close shave
close to
close up;
close vowel
closed book
closed circuit
closed season
closed shop
closed syllable
closed-circuit television
closed-circuit TV
closing argument
closing date
closing price
closing time
Clostridium difficile
cloth cap
clothes basket
clothes brush
clothes hanger
clothes hoist
clothes horse
clothes line
clothes peg
clotted cream
clotting factor
cloud bank
cloud computing
cloud cuckoo land
cloud forest
cloud over;
cloven hoof
clown around;
cloze test
club car
club class
club feet
club foot
club sandwich
club soda
club together;
clue in;
clue in on;
clued in
clued up
clump together;
cluster bomb
clutch at;
clutch bag
clutter up;
co-operative society
co-ordinating conjunction
coach class
coach house
coach party
coach station
coaching inn
coal black
coal bunker
coal gas
coal mine
coal miner
coal scuttle
coal tar
coarse fish
coarse fishing
Coast Guard
coast guard
coast to coast
coat check
coat hanger
coat of arms
coat of mail
coat peg
coat stand
coaxial cable
cobalt blue
cobble together;
cock a snook at
cock and bull story
cock up;
cock-a-leekie soup
cock-and-bull story
cocked hat
cocker spaniel
cockney rhyming slang
cockpit voice recorder
cocktail dress
cocktail lounge
cocktail party
cocktail shaker
cocktail stick
cocktail waitress
cocoa bean
cocoa butter
coconut butter
coconut matting
coconut milk
coconut oil
coconut palm
coconut shy
cod liver oil
cod-liver oil
code name
code of conduct
code of practice
code red
code switching
code word
coeliac disease
coffee bar
coffee bean
coffee break
coffee cake
coffee cup
coffee grinder
coffee house
coffee klatch
coffee klatsch
coffee machine
coffee maker
coffee mill
coffee morning
coffee name
coffee pot
coffee shop
coffee table
coffee table book
coffee-table book
cognitive behavioural therapy
cognitive therapy
coin box
coitus interruptus
cola nut
cold call
cold cash
cold comfort
cold cream
cold cuts
cold feet
cold fish
cold frame
cold front
cold fusion
cold shoulder
cold snap
cold sore
cold spell
cold storage
cold store
cold sweat
cold turkey
Cold War
cold war
cold warrior
collagen implant
collagen injection
collard greens
collateral damage
collect call
collect up;
collecting flask
collection agency
collection box
collection plate
collective bargaining
collective farm
collective noun
collective unconscious
collector's item
collegiate institute
collision course
collision damage waiver
colobus monkey
Cologne water
Colonel Blimp
colonic irrigation
color bar
color barrier
color blindness
color code
color fast
color guard
color in;
color line
color scheme
color separation
Colorado beetle
Colorado potato beetle
coloring book
colour bar
colour blindness
colour code
colour fast
colour guard
colour in;
colour line
colour prejudice
colour scheme
colour separation
colour supplement
colour up;
colouring book
Columbus Day
comb out;
comb through;
combat fatigue
combat fatigues
combat pay
combat trousers
combination lock
combination therapy
combine harvester
combining form
combustion chamber
come a cropper
come about;
come across;
come across with;
come after;
come along;
come apart;
come around;
come around to;
come as;
come at;
come away;
come away from;
come away with;
come back;
come back at;
come back to;
come back with;
come before;
come between;
come by;
come down;
come down from;
come down on;
come down to;
come down with;
come for;
come forward;
come from;
come in;
come in at;
come in for;
come in on;
come into;
come of;
come off;
come on;
come on to;
come out;
come out at;
come out in;
come out of;
come out of the ark
come out with;
come over;
come over from;
come over to;
come round;
come round to;
come through;
come through with;
come to;
come to a full stop
come to naught
come to pass
come together;
come under;
come unglued
come unstuck
come up;
come up against;
come up for;
come up from;
come up to;
come up with;
come upon;
come with;
come-on line
comedy of errors
comedy of manners
comfort break
comfort food
comfort station
comfort stop
comfort zone
comfortably off
comic book
comic opera
comic relief
comic strip
coming of age
comings and goings
command economy
command key
command line
command module
command performance
command post
Commander in Chief
commander in chief
commanding officer
commanding position
commanding view
comme il faut
commedia dell'arte
commentary box
commercial bank
commercial break
commercial traveler
commercial traveller
Commission on Civil Rights
commissioned officer
commissioner for oaths
commitment ceremony
Common Agricultural Policy
common cold
common currency
common denominator
Common Era
common factor
common fraction
common ground
common knowledge
common land
common law
Common Market
common market
common multiple
common name
common noun
common or garden
common rat
common room
common sense
common stock
common touch
common-law husband
common-law wife
commonplace book
Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth of Nations
commune with;
communication cord
communications satellite
communications software
communicative approach
communicative competence
communicative language teaching
Communist Party
community care
community center
community centre
community chest
community college
community garden
community language learning
community of interest
community policing
community property
community school
community service
community spirit
community theater
commuter belt
commuter train
comp time
compact disc
compact disc player
compact disk
companion animal
company car
company law
company man
company report
company secretary
company town
comparative literature
comparison shop
compass point
compassion fatigue
compassionate leave
compensation culture
complain of;
complementary angle
complementary color
complementary colour
complementary medicine
complete with
complex number
complex sentence
compliment slip
complimentary close
compliments slip
componential analysis
compos mentis
composite sketch
compost bin
compost heap
compost pile
compound eye
compound fracture
compound interest
compound leaf
compound sentence
comprehensive insurance
comprehensive school
compression chamber
compulsory purchase
computational linguistics
computer crime
computer dating
computer game
computer graphics
computer hacker
computer literacy
computer modeling
computer modelling
computer program
computer programmer
computer science
computer scientist
computer virus
computer-aided design
computer-aided manufacturing
computer-generated imagery
computerized axial tomography
comrade in arms
con amore
con artist
con brio
con game
con man
con rod
con sordino
con trick
con woman
concentrate on;
concentration camp
concept album
concept statement
conceptual art
concert band
concert grand
concert hall
concession stand
concessive clause
conch shell
concrete jungle
concrete mixer
concrete noun
concrete over;
concrete poetry
condemned cell
condensed milk
conditional discharge
conducted tour
conductive education
cone off;
Coney Island
confectioner's sugar
confectioners' sugar
Confederate States
Confederate States of America
conference call
conference committee
confide in;
confidence game
confidence man
confidence trick
confidence trickster
confidentiality agreement
configuration file
conflict of interest
conga drum
conger eel
congestion charge
congressional district
Congressional Medal of Honor
conic section
conical flask
conjoined twin
conjugal rights
conjugal visit
conjure from;
conjure out of;
conjure up;
conjuring trick
conk out;
connect time
connect up;
connect up to;
connecting rod
connective tissue
conning tower
conniption fit
conscience clause
conscientious objection
conscientious objector
consciousness raising
consent form
consenting adult
conservation area
Conservative Party
consign to;
consignment shop
consignment store
consist in;
consist of;
consolation prize
conspicuous consumption
conspiracy of silence
conspiracy theorist
conspiracy theory
constituent assembly
Constitutional Court
constitutional monarchy
construction paper
construction site
constructive dismissal
constructive engagement
consulting room
consumer confidence
consumer credit
consumer durable
consumer economy
consumer goods
consumer group
consumer price index
consumer prices index
consumer protection
Consumer Reports
consumer society
Consumers' Association
contact card
contact lens
contact sport
contactless card
container ship
contempt of court
contend with;
content aggregator
content provider
content word
continental breakfast
continental climate
continental crust
Continental Divide
continental drift
continental plate
continental quilt
continental shelf
continental slope
contingency fee
continuing education
continuity announcer
continuous assessment
contour line
contract bridge
contract in;
contract in to;
contract out;
contract out of;
contract out to;
contrary to
contributory negligence
control freak
control key
control room
control tower
controlled drug
controlled economy
controlled experiment
controlled substance
controlled trial
controlling interest
convection oven
convector heater
convenience food
convenience store
convent school
conventional wisdom
conversation piece
conversation stopper
conversion kick
conversion van
conveyor belt
cook up;
cooked breakfast
cooker hood
cookery book
cookie cutter
cookie jar
cookie sheet
cooking apple
cooking gas
cool bag
cool box
cool down;
cool head
cool off;
cool out;
cooler bag
cooling tower
cooling-off period
coop up;
cooped up
cooperative apartment
cooperative society
coordinate clause
coordinating conjunction
cop off;
cop off with;
cop out;
cop out of;
cop shop
cop to;
copper beech
cops and robbers
copy cat
copy down;
copy editor
copy in;
copy in on;
copy machine
copy out;
copy protection
copy to;
copy typist
copying machine
copyright library
coq au vin
cor anglais
cor blimey
coral reef
coral snake
cordon bleu
cordon off;
cordon sanitaire
cordons sanitaires
core competence
core time
cork up;
corn beef
Corn Belt
corn bread
corn chip
corn circle
corn cob
corn dog
corn dolly
Corn Exchange
corn exchange
corn flour
corn meal
corn oil
corn on the cob
corn pone
corn starch
corn syrup
corncob pipe
corned beef
corner kick
corner shop
corner store
Cornish Cream
Cornish pasty
coronary artery
coronary thrombosis
corporal punishment
corporate bond
corporate hospitality
corporate raider
corporate responsibility
corporate social responsibility
corporate tax
corporate welfare
corporation tax
corps de ballet
correction fluid
correctional center
correctional facility
corrections officer
correspondence course
corresponding angle
cors anglais
cos lettuce
Cosa Nostra
cosmetic surgery
cosmic dust
cosmic radiation
cosmic ray
cost accounting
cost of entry
cost of living
cost out;
cost price
cost-benefit analysis
cost-of-living allowance
cost-of-living index
Costa Rican
costume drama
costume jewellery
costume jewelry
costume party
cosy up;
cosy up to;
cot death
cottage cheese
cottage hospital
cottage industry
cottage loaf
cottage pie
cotter pin
cotton ball
Cotton Belt
cotton bud
cotton candy
cotton gin
cotton on;
cotton on to;
cotton reel
cotton swab
cotton to;
cotton up to;
cotton wool
cotton wool ball
cottonmouth moccasin
cottonwood tree
couch potato
cough drop
cough lolly
cough medicine
cough mixture
cough sweet
cough syrup
cough up;
coughing fit
council chamber
council estate
council flat
council house
council of war
council tax
count against;
count down;
count down to;
count in;
count noun
count off;
count on;
count out;
count toward;
count towards;
count up;
count upon;
countable noun
counter intelligence
counting house
country and western
country bumpkin
country club
country code
country cousin
country dance
country house
country liquor
country mile
country music
country park
country rock
country seat
county clerk
county council
county court
county fair
county seat
county town
coup d'etat
coup de grace
coup de theatre
couple with;
coups d'etat
coups de grace
coups de theatre
course book
course of action
course work
court card
court costs
court martial
Court of Appeal
court of appeal
court of claims
court of enquiry
court of inquiry
court of law
Court of Session
Court of St. James
court order
court reporter
court shoe
court tennis
courtesy bus
courtesy call
courtesy car
courtesy card
courtesy light
courtesy phone
courtesy title
courtesy visit
courtly love
courts martial
cousin brother
cousin sister
covalent bond
cover charge
cover for;
cover girl
cover in;
cover letter
cover note
cover over;
cover page
cover sheet
cover story
cover up;
cover version
covered wagon
covering letter
covering note
cow chip
cow parsley
cow pat
cow pie
cow town
cowboy boot
cowboy film
cowboy hat
cowboy movie
cowl neck
cozy up;
cozy up to;
crab apple
crab grass
crab meat
crab stick
crack baby
crack cocaine
crack den
crack down;
crack down on;
crack house
crack into;
crack on;
crack on with;
crack onto;
crack up;
cradle cap
craft fair
craft knife
craft shop
cram in;
cram into;
crane fly
crank caller
crank out;
crank up;
crap on;
crash barrier
crash course
crash diet
crash helmet
crash land
crash landing
crash out;
crash out of;
crash pad
crash test
crash-test dummy
crashing bore
crate up;
crater lake
crave for;
crawl space
crawl with;
crazy bone
crazy golf
crazy paving
crazy quilt
cream cheese
cream cracker
cream of tartar
cream off;
cream puff
cream soda
cream tea
crease up;
creation science
creative accounting
creative director
creative writing
creature comfort
credibility gap
credit account
credit bureau
credit card
credit crunch
credit history
credit hour
credit limit
credit line
credit note
credit rating
credit risk
credit slip
credit squeeze
credit terms
credit to;
credit transfer
credit union
credit with;
creep by;
creep in;
creep into;
creep out;
creep up;
creep up on;
creeping plant
creme anglaise
creme brulee
creme caramel
creme de la creme
creme de menthe
creme fraiche
cremes brulees
cremes caramels
cremes de menthe
crepe paper
crepe rubber
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
crew cut
crew member
crew neck
cri de coeur
crib death
crib note
crib sheet
cribbage board
crime of passion
crime scene
crime wave
criminal court
criminal damage
criminal law
criminal negligence
criminal record
crinkle up;
cris de coeur
crisis management
crisis of confidence
crisis of conscience
critical care
critical list
critical mass
critical path
critical theory
critical thinking
critical-path method
Cro-Magnon man
crochet hook
crochet needle
crocodile clip
crocodile tears
Crohn's disease
crop circle
crop dusting
crop pants
crop rotation
crop spraying
crop top
crop up;
cropped pants
cross benches
cross fire
cross head
cross my heart
cross off;
cross out;
cross over;
cross over into;
cross over to;
cross purposes
cross reference
cross section
cross stitch
cross street
cross the Rubicon
cross through;
cross up;
cross-country skiing
cross-training shoe
crossed cheque
crossing guard
crossword puzzle
crouch down;
crouch over;
crow's feet
crow's nest
crowd around;
crowd in;
crowd in on;
crowd into;
crowd onto;
crowd out;
crowd pleaser
crowd puller
crowd round;
Crown Colony
crown colony
Crown Court
crown court
crown jewel
crown molding
Crown Prince
Crown prince
crown prince
Crown Princess
Crown princess
crown princess
Crown Prosecution Service
Crown prosecutor
crown prosecutor
crowned head
crowning glory
cruciate ligament
crude oil
crude petroleum
cruise car
cruise control
cruise liner
cruise missile
cruise ship
cruising altitude
cruising speed
crumble away;
crumple up;
crumple zone
crunch time
crunch up;
crush barrier
cry baby
cry for;
cry off;
cry out;
cry out for;
cryptic crossword
crystal ball
crystal clear
crystal meth
crystal radio
crystal set
CS gas
CT scan
CT scanner
Ctrl key
cu. m.
cub reporter
Cub Scout
cub scout
Cub Scouts
cube root
cuckoo clock
cuddle up;
cuddle up against;
cuddle up to;
cuddle up together;
cuddly toy
cue ball
cue card
cuff link
cull from;
culminate in;
culpable homicide
cult of personality
culture medium
culture shock
culture vulture
cultured pearl
cum laude
cumulative trauma disorder
Cup Final
cup final
cup holder
cup tie
cupboard love
curate's egg
curd cheese
curl up;
curling iron
curling tongs
curly brace
curly bracket
curly endive
current account
current affairs
current assets
current electricity
current events
curricula vitae
curriculum vitae
Currier and Ives
curry paste
curry powder
curse out;
curtain call
curtain off;
curtain rail
curtain raiser
curtain rod
curtained off
curve ball
cushion of air
cuspid tooth
cuss out;
cuss word
custard pie
custard powder
custard sauce
Custer's Last Stand
custodial parent
custodial sentence
customer base
customer care
customer relations
customer satisfaction
customer services
Customs and Excise
customs officer
Customs Service
customs union
cut across;
cut and dried
cut and paste
cut away;
cut back;
cut back on;
cut down;
cut down on;
cut down to;
cut glass
cut in;
cut in on;
cut into;
cut lunch
cut off;
cut off from;
cut out;
cut out for;
cut out of;
cut over;
cut the Gordian knot
cut through;
cut up;
cut-throat razor
cutie pie
cutoff jeans
cuts and pastes
cutthroat razor
cutting and pasting
cutting board
cutting edge
cutting grass
cutting room
Cy Young Award
cyber dhaba
cycle clips
cycle helmet
cycle lane
cycle path
cycle rack
cycle rickshaw
cycle shorts
cycling helmet
cycling shorts
cystic fibrosis
D and C
D Phil
D. Phil.
dab hand
dab off;
daddy longlegs
dado rail
daily bread
daily help
daily life
daily paper
daily passenger
dairy farm
daisy chain
daisy cutter
daisy wheel
dak bungalow
Dalai Lama
dally with;
dam up;
damage control
damage limitation
damaged goods
damn fool
damn it
damp course
damp down;
damp squib
damp-proof course
dampen down;
dance band
dance card
dance floor
dance hall
dance music
dance studio
dandelion clock
danger list
danger money
danger pay
dangerous driving
dangerous ground
dangerous territory
dangle before;
dangle in front of;
dangling participle
Danish blue
Danish pastry
dapple gray
dapple grey
Darby and Joan
Dark Age
dark age
dark chocolate
dark glasses
dark horse
dark l
dark matter
dark meat
dark star
darning needle
dash off;
data bank
data base
data capture
data compression
data mining
data processing
data processor
data projector
data protection
data set
data warehouse
data warehousing
database management system
database server
date back;
date back to;
date from;
Date Line
date line
date of birth
date palm
date rape
date rapist
date stamp
dating agency
dating service
Daughters of the American Revolution
David and Goliath
Davis Cup
dawn chorus
dawn on;
dawn raid
dawn upon;
day boy
day camp
day care
day care center
day care centre
day center
day centre
day girl
day job
day labor
day laborer
day lily
day nursery
Day of Atonement
Day of Judgement
Day of Judgment
day of reckoning
day off
Day One
day one
day out
day pupil
day release
day return
day room
day school
day student
day trader
day trading
day trip
day tripper
daylight robbery
Daylight Saving Time
daylight saving time
daylight savings
daylight savings time
daylight time
daylight-saving time
Daytona Beach
de facto
de jure
de luxe
de rigeur
de trop
dead air
dead as a doornail
dead beat
dead bolt
dead cat bounce
dead duck
dead end
dead hand
dead heat
dead language
dead letter
dead loss
dead meat
dead presidents
dead reckoning
dead ringer
dead weight
dead wood
dead zone
dead-end job
deadbeat dad
deadly nightshade
deadly sin
deaf aid
deaf mute
deal breaker
deal in;
deal out;
deal with;
dealing room
dean's list
Dear Abby
Dear John
Dear John letter
Dear Sir
Dear Sir or Madam
Dear Sirs
dearness allowance
death benefit
death blow
death camp
death certificate
death duty
death grip
death knell
death mask
death penalty
death rate
death rattle
death ray
death row
death sentence
death squad
death tax
death throes
death toll
death trap
Death Valley
death warrant
death wish
death's head
death-watch beetle
deathwatch beetle
debit card
debit column
debt burden
debt collector
debt relief
decide against;
decide on;
decide upon;
decimal currency
decimal fraction
decimal place
decimal point
decimal system
deck chair
deck of cards
deck out;
deck shoe
Declaration of Independence
declare against;
declare for;
decompression chamber
decompression sickness
decorative arts
decree absolute
decree nisi
decrees absolute
decrees nisi
dedicate to;
dedicated line
deed box
deed of covenant
deed poll
deep down
deep fat
deep freeze
deep freezer
deep fryer
deep pan
deep pockets
Deep South
deep space
deep structure
deep tissue massage
deep vein thrombosis
deep-fat fryer
deeply rooted
deer tick
defence mechanism
Defender of the Faith
defense mechanism
defensive medicine
defer to;
defiance campaign
deficit spending
defined benefit
defined contribution
defining moment
defining vocabulary
definite article
degree with honors
degree with honours
deja vu
delayed action
delaying tactic
delete key
Delia Smith
delight in;
delirium tremens
deliver up;
delivery boy
delivery man
delivery room
deltoid muscles
demand paging
demarcation dispute
demerara sugar
demilitarized zone
Democratic Party
demolition derby
demolition job
demon drink
den mother
dengue fever
denial of service attack
dental dam
dental floss
dental hygienist
dental nurse
dental practitioner
dental surgeon
Denver boot
deoxyribonucleic acid
depart from;
department store
departure lounge
departure tax
depend on;
depend on for;
depend upon;
depend upon for;
dependent clause
dependent variable
depending on
depleted uranium
deportation order
deposit account
deposit slip
deprive of;
depth bomb
depth charge
depth of field
depth of focus
depth perception
dereliction of duty
derive from;
derogate from;
des res
desalination plant
descant recorder
descend from;
descend into;
descend on;
descend to;
descend upon;
desert boot
desert island
deserving of
designated driver
designated hitter
designer baby
designer child
designer drug
designer stubble
desk clerk
desk job
desk organizer
desk tidy
desktop computer
desktop publishing
desktop video
despatch box
despatch rider
dessert spoon
dessert wine
detective work
detention center
detention centre
detract from;
deus ex machina
deutsche mark
developing countries
development area
development bank
development software
device manager
devil's advocate
devil's food cake
devolve on;
devolve to;
devolve upon;
devote to;
dew point
Dewey decimal classification
Dewey system
diacritical mark
diagnostic program
dial tone
dial up;
dial-up access
dialectical materialism
dialling code
dialling tone
dialog box
dialogue box
diamond anniversary
diamond in the rough
diamond jubilee
diamond lane
diamond wedding
diamond wedding anniversary
diaper rash
dibs on
dice up;
Dick and Jane
dicky bird
dicky bow
dictate to;
didn't use to
die away;
die back;
die down;
die of;
die off;
die out;
diesel engine
diesel fuel
diesel oil
dietary fibre
differential calculus
differential equation
differential gear
dig around;
dig for;
dig in;
dig into;
dig out;
dig out of;
dig over;
dig up;
digestive biscuit
digestive system
digestive tract
digital audio broadcasting
digital audio tape
digital audiotape
digital camera
digital cash
digital certificate
digital computer
digital divide
digital immigrant
digital native
digital radio
digital recording
digital signature
digital subscriber line
digital television
digital TV
digital visual interface
Dijon mustard
dilatation and curettage
dilate on;
dilate upon;
dilation and curettage
dill pickle
dilly bag
dim bulb
dim sim
dim sum
dime novel
dime store
diminished capacity
diminished responsibility
diminishing returns
diminutive suffix
dimmer switch
din into;
dine off;
dine on;
dine out;
dine out on;
dinette set
dining car
dining hall
dining room
dining table
Dinky Toy
dinner dance
dinner jacket
dinner lady
dinner party
dinner service
dinner set
dinner suit
dinner table
dinner theater
dinner theatre
dinner time
dinnerware set
dip into;
dip switch
diplomatic bag
diplomatic corps
diplomatic immunity
diplomatic pouch
diplomatic relations
Diplomatic Service
diplomatic service
direct access
direct action
direct connection
direct current
direct debit
direct deposit
direct discourse
direct elections
direct hit
direct mail
direct marketing
direct method
direct object
direct rule
direct speech
direct tax
direct taxation
directly proportional
director general
Director of Public Prosecutions
director's chair
director's cut
directors general
Directory Assistance
directory assistance
Directory Enquiries
directory enquiries
dirndl skirt
dirt bike
dirt cheap
dirt farmer
dirt floor
dirt poor
dirt road
dirt track
dirty blond
dirty bomb
dirty laundry
dirty old man
dirty trick
dirty weekend
dirty word
disabled list
disagree with;
disappearing act
disaster area
disbelieve in;
disc brake
disc drive
disc jockey
discharged bankrupt
disco ball
disco music
disco nap
discount card
discount rate
discount store
discount warehouse
discourse marker
discourse on;
discourse upon;
discussion group
discussion list
dish antenna
dish detergent
dish liquid
dish out;
dish rack
dish soap
dish towel
dish up;
dishonorable discharge
dishonourable discharge
dishpan hands
dishwashing detergent
dishwashing liquid
disk brakes
disk compression
disk drive
disk jockey
disorderly conduct
disorderly house
Dispatch Box
dispatch box
dispatch case
dispatch rider
dispense with;
dispensing chemist
dispensing optician
displaced person
displacement activity
display advertising
display bin
display case
disposable income
dispose of;
disruptive technology
dissolve into;
distance learning
distance multiplier
distilled water
distribution board
distribution channel
District Attorney
district attorney
district council
district court
district nurse
ditto mark
divan bed
dive bomber
dive in;
dive into;
divide into;
divide off;
divide up;
divided highway
dividing line
divine right
diving bell
diving board
divining rod
division bell
division lobby
division of labor
division of labour
division sign
divvy up;
Dixie Cup
dizygotic twin
dizygous twin
DNA fingerprinting
DNA profiling
DNA test
do a double take
do a double-take
do a moonie
do away with;
do by;
do down;
do for;
do in;
do out;
do out of;
do over;
do to;
do up;
do with;
do without;
do wonders
dob in;
dob in for;
dob in to;
Doberman pinscher
Dobermann pinscher
Doc Martens
dock worker
docket sheet
docking station
Doctor of Philosophy
doctor's degree
doctor's orders
document case
document image management
dodge ball
Dodge City
dodgem car
dog biscuit
dog collar
dog days
dog fight
dog handler
dog on;
dog paddle
dog sled
dog tag
dog warden
dog-and-pony show
doggie bag
doggy bag
doggy paddle
dole out;
dole queue
doll up;
doll's house
dollar sign
dolled up
dolls' houses
dolly bird
domain name
dome tent
domestic animal
domestic appliance
domestic goddess
domestic help
domestic partner
domestic partnership
domestic science
domestic service
domestic violence
domestic worker
dominant gene
Dominion Day
domino effect
Don Juan
don't know
don't mention it
done deal
doner kebab
donkey derby
donkey jacket
donkey work
donkey's years
donor card
doomsday cult
door furniture
door knocker
door prize
dope out;
dope test
dope up;
doped up
Doppler effect
Doppler radar
Doppler shift
Dorian Gray
dormer window
dormitory suburb
dormitory town
dorsal fin
dos and don'ts
dose up;
doss about;
doss down;
doss house
dot matrix
dot matrix printer
dot-matrix printer
dote on;
dote upon;
dotted line
double act
double agent
double as;
double back;
double bass
double bed
double bill
double bind
double bluff
double bogey
double boiler
double bond
double check
double chin
double click
double cream
double cross
double date
double digits
double dribble
double Dutch
double dutch
double entendre
double fault
double feature
double figures
double first
double flat
double for;
double glazing
double helix
double indemnity
double jeopardy
double knit
double life
double major
double negative
double over;
double play
double quick
double rhyme
double room
double saucepan
double sharp
double standard
double take
double talk
double time
double trouble
double up;
double up as;
double up on;
double up with;
double vision
double whammy
double yellow line
double-barrelled name
double-decker bus
double-decker sandwich
double-edged sword
double-entry bookkeeping
double-hung window
doubting Thomas
Douglas fir
dove grey
dovetail joint
Dow Jones
Dow Jones Average
Dow Jones average
Dow Jones Index
Dow Jones Industrial Average
dowel rod
down and out
down at heel
down jacket
down memory lane
down payment
Down syndrome
down time
down under
down vest
down with
Down's syndrome
downhill skiing
Downing Street
downwardly mobile
dowsing rod
doze off;
Dr Martens
draft apart;
draft board
draft card
draft dodger
draft in;
draft off;
drafting table
drag by;
drag down;
drag down to;
drag in;
drag into;
drag on;
drag out;
drag out of;
drag queen
drag race
drag racer
drag racing
drag strip
drag up;
dragon boat
dragon lady
dragoon into;
drain off;
drainage basin
draining board
drainpipe trousers
drama queen
dramatic irony
dramatis personae
drat it
draught board
draught excluder
draughts board
draw away;
draw back;
draw back from;
draw down;
draw down from;
draw down on;
draw from;
draw in;
draw into;
draw nigh
draw off;
draw on;
draw out;
draw string
draw up;
draw upon;
drawing board
drawing card
drawing pin
drawing power
drawing room
drawing table
dream away;
dream on;
dream team
dream ticket
dream up;
dream world
dredge up;
dress circle
dress code
dress down;
dress rehearsal
dress sense
dress shirt
dress uniform
dress up;
dress-down day
dressed up
dressing gown
dressing room
dressing table
dressing up
dribs and drabs
dried fruit
dried milk
drift apart;
drift net
drift off;
drill down;
drill into;
drill sergeant
drill team
drink down;
drink drive
drink driver
drink in;
drink problem
drink to;
drink up;
drinking box
drinking chocolate
drinking fountain
drinking problem
drinking straw
drinking water
drinking-up time
drinks machine
drinks party
drip coffee
drip feed
dripping wet
drive at;
drive away;
drive back;
drive bay
drive down;
drive in;
drive off;
drive on;
drive out;
drive out of;
drive shaft
drive time
drive up;
driver license
driver's licence
driver's license
driver's seat
driver's test
driving licence
driving range
driving school
driving seat
driving test
driving under the influence
driving while intoxicated
droit de seigneur
drone on;
drop around;
drop away;
drop back;
drop behind;
drop by;
drop cloth
drop goal
drop handlebars
drop in;
drop in on;
drop into;
drop kick
drop off;
drop out;
drop out of;
drop pass
drop round;
drop shot
drop-dead date
drop-dead gorgeous
drop-down menu
drop-in centre
drop-leaf table
drown out;
drug abuse
drug addict
drug baron
drug czar
drug dealer
drug lord
drug peddler
drug runner
drug squad
drug store
drum 'n' bass
drum and bass
drum into;
drum kit
drum machine
drum major
drum majorette
drum out;
drum out of;
drum roll
drum set
drum up;
drunk dial
drunk driver
drunk driving
drunk tank
drunken driving
dry battery
dry cell
dry cleaner
dry cleaner's
dry cleaning
dry dock
dry farming
dry ginger
dry goods
dry heaves
dry ice
dry land
dry measure
dry milk
dry off;
dry out;
dry rot
dry run
dry season
dry ski slope
dry slope
dry up;
dry wall
dry-ski slope
drying up
drystone wall
du jour
dual carriageway
dual control
dub in;
dub out;
dub over;
Dublin Bay prawn
duck out;
duck out of;
duck sauce
duck soup
duck-billed platypus
duckbilled platypus
ducks and drakes
duct tape
dude ranch
due date
due diligence
due process
due process of law
due to
duff up;
duffel bag
duffel coat
duffle bag
duffle coat
dugout canoe
dum-dum bullet
dumb animal
dumb blond
dumb down;
dumb luck
dumb show
dumb waiter
dumbing down
dumdum bullet
dummy run
dump bin
dump on;
dump truck
dumper truck
dumping ground
dunce cap
dunce's cap
Dundee cake
dune buggy
Dungeons and Dragons
Dunkirk spirit
duplex apartment
duplex house
duplicating machine
durable goods
durum wheat
dust bin
dust bowl
dust bunny
dust cover
dust devil
dust down;
dust jacket
dust mite
dust off;
dust sheet
dust storm
dust tea
dust trap
Dutch auction
Dutch barn
Dutch cap
Dutch courage
Dutch door
Dutch elm disease
Dutch oven
Dutch treat
Dutch uncle
duty bound
duty officer
duty-free shop
duvet cover
duvet day
DVD burner
DVD player
DVD writer
dwarf planet
dwell on;
dwell upon;
dwelling house
dwelling place
dyed in the wool
E number
e-mail address
E. coli
each and every
each other
each way
eager beaver
eagle eye
Eagle Scout
Ealing comedy
ear canal
ear candy
ear drops
ear drum
ear flap
ear lobe
ear muffs
ear plug
ear trumpet
ear, nose and throat
Earl Grey
early adopter
early bird
early childhood education
early closing
early music
early on
early retirement
early warning
early warning system
earned income
earned run
earnest money
earnings per share
earth colour
Earth Mother
earth mother
earth mover
earth science
earth tone
earth up;
ease into;
ease off;
ease out;
ease out of;
ease up;
ease up on;
East Asia
East Coast
East Coast Fever
East End
East Ender
East German
East Indian
East Side
East Timorese
east wind
Easter bunny
Easter Day
Easter egg
Easter lily
Easter Sunday
easterly wind
Eastern bloc
Eastern Conference
Eastern Daylight Time
eastern hemisphere
Eastern Orthodox Church
Eastern Standard Time
Eastern time
easy chair
easy listening
easy money
easy option
easy street
easy terms
eat away;
eat away at;
eat in;
eat into;
eat out;
eat up;
eaten up
eating apple
eating disorder
eau de Cologne
eau de cologne
eau de toilette
eaux de cologne
ebb away;
ebb tide
Ebola fever
Ebola virus
Eccles cake
echo sounder
ecological footprint
economic cycle
economic indicator
economic migrant
economies of scale
economy class
economy class syndrome
economy drive
economy pack
economy-class syndrome
ectopic pregnancy
edge city
edge out;
edge out of;
Edinburgh Festival
edit out;
edit out of;
edit suite
editor in chief
editor program
educated guess
educational leave
educational psychologist
educational psychology
eff off;
efficiency apartment
efficiency unit
egg cell
egg cup
egg flip
egg nog
egg on;
egg roll
egg shell
egg timer
egg whisk
egg white
egg-and-spoon race
eggs Benedict
ego trip
eider duck
eight ball
Eighteenth Amendment
eighth note
either way
ejection seat
ejector seat
eke out;
El Dorado
El Nino
elapsed time
elastic band
elbow aside;
elbow grease
elbow out;
elbow room
elder abuse
elder care
elder statesman
election campaign
election day
Electoral College
electoral college
electoral register
electoral roll
Electra complex
electric blanket
electric blue
electric chair
electric eel
electric fence
electric fire
electric heater
electric razor
electric shock
electric storm
electrical engineer
electrical engineering
electrical storm
electricity substation
electroconvulsive therapy
electrolytic cell
electromagnetic spectrum
electromagnetic wave
electron microscope
electronic banking
electronic book
electronic footprint
electronic mail
electronic mailbox
electronic mall
electronic monitoring
electronic organizer
electronic publishing
electronic signature
electronic tagging
electroshock therapy
elementary particle
elementary school
elevator music
eleven plus
eleventh hour
elimination reaction
elimination tournament
Ellis Island
elm tree
email address
emanate from;
Emancipation Proclamation
embark on;
embark upon;
emerald green
Emerald Isle
emergency brake
emergency cord
emergency department
emergency medical technician
emergency room
emergency services
emery board
eminence grise
eminences grises
eminent domain
emissions trading
emotional blackmail
emotional capital
emotional cripple
emotional intelligence
Empire line
employment agency
employment insurance
employment tribunal
empty calories
empty nest
empty nest syndrome
empty nester
empty out;
emulsion paint
en bloc
en masse
en passant
en route
en suite
enabling act
enamel paint
encounter group
end game
end in;
end product
end result
end run
end system
end table
end up;
end user
end with;
end zone
endangered species
endear to;
endless pool
endocrine gland
endothermic reaction
endow with;
endowment mortgage
endowment policy
endways on
endwise on
energy efficient
enfant terrible
enfants terribles
engage in;
engage with;
engagement ring
engine driver
engine room
engineering science
English breakfast
English Channel
English for Academic Purposes
English horn
English ivy
English medicine
English muffin
English rose
enlarge on;
enlarge upon;
enough is enough
enough said
enquire after;
enquire into;
enquire of;
entente cordiale
enter into;
enter into with;
enter key
enter on;
enter upon;
enterprise culture
enterprise software
enterprise zone
entitlement program
entrance exam
entrance fee
entrance hall
entre nous
entry level
environmental accounting
environmental health
environmentally friendly
environmentally sensitive area
Episcopal Church
epoxy resin
Epsom salt
Epstein-Barr virus
equal opportunity
equal pay
equal sign
equals sign
equate to;
equilateral triangle
equity capital
erector muscle
erode away;
erogenous zone
errand boy
erratic block
erratic boulder
error code
error detection
error interrupt
error message
error recovery
ES cell
escape artist
escape clause
escape hatch
escape key
escape mechanism
escort agency
escort service
esprit de corps
essential oil
essential services
Essex girl
estate agency
estate agent
estate car
estate sale
estate tax
Estuary English
estuary English
et al.
et cetera
eternal student
eternal triangle
eternal verity
ethnic cleansing
ethnic minority
ethyl alcohol
eucalyptus tree
Euclidean geometry
eureka moment
European Commission
European Community
European Economic Community
European Parliament
European plan
European Union
Eustachian tube
evaluation copy
evaporated milk
evaporating dish
even if
even money
even now
even odds
even out;
even so
even then
even though
even up;
evening class
evening dress
evening gown
evening primrose
evening star
event marketing
ever after
ever more
ever since
every bit
every last
every now and then
every once in a while
every other
every so often
every Tom, Dick or Harry
every Tom, Dick, and Harry
evil eye
ex cathedra
ex gratia
ex libris
ex officio
exact science
exam paper
except for
excess baggage
excess fare
excess luggage
exchange rate
exchange student
excise tax
exclamation mark
exclamation point
exclusion order
exclusion zone
excuse me
executive branch
executive director
executive lounge
executive officer
executive order
executive privilege
executive secretary
exercise ball
exercise bike
exercise book
exhaust pipe
exhaust system
exhibition match
exit exam
exit examination
exit poll
exit strategy
exit visa
exothermic reaction
exotic dancer
expand on;
expand upon;
expanded polystyrene
expansion card
expansion slot
expatiate on;
expatiate upon;
expectation of life
expeditionary force
expeditionary unit
expense account
expert system
expert witness
expiration date
expiry date
explain away;
Explorer Scout
express lane
express train
extended family
extension agent
extension cord
extension lead
extensor muscle
extenuating circumstances
external ear
external examination
external examiner
extra point
extra time
extra virgin
extra-base hit
extra-sensory perception
extractor fan
extraordinary general meeting
extraordinary rendition
extrasensory perception
extreme fighting
extreme sport
extreme unction
eye candy
eye chart
eye contact
eye drops
eye level
eye opener
eye patch
eye shadow
eye socket
eye strain
eye teeth
eye up;
eye wear
eyebrow pencil
F angles
F-1 visa
FA Cup
fab plant
fabric conditioner
fabric softener
face about;
face card
face cream
face down;
face flannel
face mask
face off;
face pack
face paint
face peel
face powder
face time
face to face
face up to;
face value
face washer
face-recognition software
facial-recognition software
fact of life
fact sheet
factor 8
factor eight
factor in;
factor into;
factor out;
factor VIII
factory farm
factory farming
factory floor
factory outlet
factory ship
factory shop
factory store
factory-gate price
fade away;
fade in;
fade out;
faff about;
faff around;
fag end
fag hag
fagged out
Fahrenheit scale
failed state
fair copy
fair dinkum
fair enough
fair game
fair go
Fair Isle
fair play
fair sex
fair shake
fair to middling
fair trade
fair-haired boy
fair-weather friend
fairer sex
fairly traded
fairy cake
fairy floss
fairy godmother
fairy lights
fairy story
fairy tale
fait accompli
faith community
faith healer
faith healing
faith school
faits accomplis
fake out;
fake tan
fall about;
fall apart;
fall away;
fall back;
fall back on;
fall behind;
fall behind on;
fall behind with;
fall by the wayside
fall down;
fall for;
fall guy
fall in;
fall in with;
fall into;
fall off;
fall on;
fall out;
fall out with;
fall over;
fall through;
fall to;
fall under;
fall upon;
fallen woman
falling star
Fallopian tube
fallopian tube
fallout shelter
fallow deer
false accounting
false alarm
false arrest
false beginner
false cognate
false dawn
false economy
false friend
false hopes
false imprisonment
false memory
false modesty
false move
false positive
false rib
false start
false teeth
familiar with
family court
family credit
Family Division
family doctor
family leave
family man
family medicine
family name
family planning
family practice
family practitioner
family room
family tree
family values
fan base
fan belt
fan club
fan fiction
fan heater
fan letter
fan light
fan mail
fan out;
fan oven
fancy dress
fancy dress party
fancy man
fancy woman
fancy-dress costume
Fannie Mae
fanny pack
fantasy football
far and away
far and wide
Far East
Far Eastern
far from
far gone
far off
far out
fare stage
farm belt
farm hand
farm house
farm out;
farm out to;
farm team
farmers market
farmers' market
farmhouse loaf
fart about;
fart around;
fascia board
fashion designer
fashion house
fashion plate
fashion show
fashion statement
fashion victim
fast bowler
fast break
fast breeder
fast breeder reactor
fast food
fast food restaurant
fast forward
fast lane
fast track
fast-breeder reactor
fasten on;
fasten onto;
fasten up;
fasten upon;
fat camp
fat cat
fat city
fat farm
fat finger
fat suit
Fat Tuesday
Father Christmas
father figure
Father Time
Father's Day
fathom out;
fatigue clothes
fatigue detail
fatten up;
fatty acid
fault line
Faustian bargain
faute de mieux
faux pas
fava bean
favor with;
favorite son
favour with;
favourite son
Fawlty Towers
fawn on;
fawn over;
fax machine
fear for;
feast day
Feast of Tabernacles
Feast of Weeks
feast on;
feather bed
feather boa
feather duster
feature film
feature in;
fed up
Federal Bureau of Investigation
federal case
federal holiday
Federal Reserve
Federal Reserve System
federal tax
feed back;
feed back into;
feed back to;
feed into;
feed off;
feed on;
feed through;
feed through to;
feed up;
feed upon;
feeder airline
feeder school
feeding bottle
feeding frenzy
feeding ground
Feeding of the Five Thousand
feel for;
feel free
feel like
feel out;
feel up;
feel up to;
feel-good factor
fellow feeling
fellow man
fellow traveler
fellow traveller
felt tip
felt-tip pen
felt-tipped pen
female condom
female impersonator
femme fatale
femmes fatales
fence in;
fence off;
fend off;
fender bender
feng shui
fennel seed
ferret out;
Ferris wheel
ferris wheel
ferry boat
fertility drug
fess up;
festive season
feta cheese
fetal alcohol syndrome
fetal position
fetch up;
fever blister
fever pitch
few and far between
Fianna Fail
fiber glass
fiber optic
fiber-optic cable
Fibonacci series
fibre optic
fibre-optic cable
fibre-tip pen
fiddle about;
fiddle about with;
fiddle around;
fiddle around with;
fiddle with;
fidget with;
field corn
field day
field event
field glasses
field goal
field guide
field hand
field hockey
field hospital
field house
Field Marshal
field marshal
field mouse
field of fire
field of view
field of vision
field officer
field sport
field test
field trial
field trip
field work
Fifth Amendment
Fifth Avenue
fifth column
fifth columnist
fifth generation
fifth wheel
fifty pence
fifty pence piece
fig leaf
fight back;
fight back against;
fight down;
fight for;
fight off;
fight on;
fight out;
fight with;
fighter plane
fighting chance
fighting fit
fighting spirit
fighting talk
fighting words
figment of the imagination
figure eight
figure in;
figure into;
figure of eight
figure of fun
figure of speech
figure on;
figure out;
figure skate
figure skater
figure skating
file away;
file cabinet
file clerk
file down;
file extension
file for;
file format
file locking
file manager
file protection
file server
file sharing
file transfer utility
filet mignon
filing cabinet
filing clerk
fill in;
fill in for;
fill in on;
fill out;
fill up;
fill up with;
filler cap
filling station
film director
film festival
film noir
film over;
film star
films noir
filo pastry
filter bed
filter coffee
filter funnel
filter out;
filter paper
filter tip
filter-tipped cigarette
filtered coffee
fin de siecle
final clause
final demand
final destination
final salary scheme
Final Solution
finance company
finance house
financial adviser
financial advisor
financial aid
financial consultant
financial service
Financial Times Index
financial year
find against;
find for;
find out;
find out about;
fine art
fine arts
fine dining
Fine Gael
fine print
fine tooth comb
fine-tooth comb
fine-toothed comb
fines herbes
finger bowl
finger buffet
finger chip
finger food
finger paint
finger painting
fingerless glove
fingertip search
finish line
finish off;
finish up;
finish up with;
finish with;
finishing line
finishing school
fink on;
fir cone
fir tree
fire alarm
fire ant
fire away;
fire back;
fire back at;
fire blanket
fire break
fire brigade
fire certificate
fire department
fire door
fire drill
fire engine
fire escape
fire extinguisher
fire fight
fire fighter
fire fly
fire hose
fire hydrant
fire irons
fire line
fire off;
fire plug
fire power
fire practice
fire retardant
fire sale
fire screen
fire service
fire starter
fire station
fire storm
fire tower
fire trail
fire trap
fire truck
fire up;
fire wall
fired up
fireside chat
firing line
firing squad
firm friends
firm offer
firm up;
first aid
first aid kit
first aider
First Amendment
first balcony
first base
first baseman
first born
first class
first cost
first cousin
first degree
first down
first edition
first ever
First Family
first family
first finger
First Fleet
First Fleeter
first floor
first footing
first fruit
first gear
first generation
first half
first hand
First Lady
first lady
first language
first lieutenant
first light
first mate
First Minister
first minister
first name
First Nation
first night
first of all
first offender
first officer
first person
first principles
first rate
first reading
first refusal
first responder
first school
First Secretary
first strike
first violin
First World
first world
First World War
first-degree burn
first-time buyer
firstborn child
fiscal cliff
fiscal year
fish and chip shop
fish and chips
fish cake
fish farm
fish finger
fish for;
fish fry
fish hook
fish kettle
fish knife
fish oil
fish out;
fish out of;
fish slice
fish stick
fish story
fish tank
fish-eye lens
fisheye lens
fishing expedition
fishing line
fishing pole
fishing rod
fishing tackle
fishnet stockings
fist fight
fit for purpose
fit in;
fit in with;
fit into;
fit out;
fit out with;
fit together;
fit up;
fit up with;
fitness center
fitness centre
fitted carpet
fitted kitchen
fitting room
five o'clock shadow
five pence
five pence piece
five spot
five-a-side football
five-o'clock shadow
five-spice powder
five-star general
fix on;
fix up;
fix up with;
fix upon;
fix with;
fixed asset
fixed capital
fixed cost
fixed income
fixed penalty
fixer upper
fizzle out;
fl oz:
fl. oz.
flag airline
flag carrier
Flag Day
flag day
flag down;
flag football
flag of convenience
flag stop
flag up;
flagrante delicto
flak jacket
flake off;
flake out;
flaky pastry
flame bait
flame out;
flame thrower
flame up;
flame war
flank steak
flare out;
flare up;
flared trousers
flash around;
flash back;
flash back to;
flash bulb
flash burn
flash by;
flash card
flash drive
flash flood
flash memory
flash mob
flash on;
flash past;
flash point
flat cap
flat feet
flat foot
flat iron
flat out
flat pack
flat panel monitor
flat race
flat rate
flat screen
flat share
flat spin
flat tyre
flatbed scanner
flatbed trailer
flatbed truck
flatten against;
flatten on;
flatten out;
flavour enhancer
flaxseed oil
flea collar
flea market
Fleet Admiral
fleet admiral
Fleet Air Arm
Fleet Street
flesh and blood
flesh out;
flesh wound
flexible benefits
flexible working
flexor muscle
flick knife
flick through;
flight attendant
flight bag
flight crew
flight data recorder
flight deck
flight deck crew
flight engineer
flight jacket
flight lieutenant
flight of capital
flight officer
flight path
flight plan
flight recorder
flight sergeant
flight simulator
flight suit
flinch from;
fling off;
fling on;
fling out;
flip chart
flip for;
flip off;
flip open;
flip out;
flip over;
flip phone
flip side
flip through;
flip top
flirt with;
float about;
float around;
floating rib
floating voter
flock wallpaper
flood back;
flood out;
flood plain
flood tide
floor lamp
floor manager
floor model
floor plan
floor show
floppy disc
floppy disk
flora and fauna
Florence Nightingale
Florida Keys
flotation chamber
flotation compartment
flotation device
flotation tank
flotsam and jetsam
flow chart
flow diagram
flow from;
flow sheet
flower arranging
flower bed
flower child
flower girl
flower pot
flower power
Flt. Lt.
fluff out;
fluff up;
fluid ounce
flunk out;
flunk out of;
fluorescent lamp
fluorescent light
flush out;
flush out of;
fly agaric
fly at;
fly ball
fly boy
fly fishing
fly half
fly into;
fly spray
fly swatter
fly-drive holiday
fly-drive vacation
flying boat
flying buttress
flying colors
flying doctor
flying fish
flying fox
flying jacket
flying leap
flying machine
flying officer
flying picket
flying saucer
Flying Squad
flying squad
flying squirrel
flying start
flying suit
flying tackle
flying visit
flyover country
flyover states
foam pie
foam rubber
fob off;
fob watch
focal length
focal point
focus group
foetal position
fog bank
fog horn
fog lamp
fog light
fog up;
Foggy Bottom
foie gras
foist on;
foist upon;
fold in;
fold into;
fold up;
folding money
folic acid
folk dance
folk etymology
folk hero
folk memory
folk music
folk rock
folk singer
folk singing
folk song
folk tale
follow about;
follow around;
follow on from;
follow through;
follow through with;
follow up;
fondue set
food additive
food bank
food chain
food coupon
food court
food group
food hall
food mile
food mixer
food poisoning
food processor
food science
food stamp
food value
food web
fooding and lodging
fool about;
fool about with;
fool around;
fool around with;
fool with;
fool's errand
fool's gold
fool's paradise
foot fault
foot locker
foot soldier
foot-and-mouth disease
football boot
football player
football pools
footle about;
footle around;
for a change
for a start
for all I know
for all practical purposes
for certain
for ever
for evermore
for example
for free
for good
for good measure
for instance
for keeps
for long
for once
for one thing
for Pete's sake
for real
for sale
for sure
for that matter
for the moment
for the most part
for the nonce
for the record
for the time being
for what it's worth
Forbes 500
forbidden fruit
force back;
force down;
force field
force majeure
force multiplier
force on;
force out of;
force play
force through;
force up;
force upon;
forced entry
forced labor
forced labour
forced landing
forced march
foregone conclusion
foreign affairs
foreign aid
Foreign and Commonwealth Office
foreign body
foreign correspondent
foreign exchange
Foreign Legion
foreign liquor
Foreign Office
foreign policy
Foreign Secretary
Foreign Service
foreign service
forest green
forest ranger
Forest Service
Forestry Commission
forge ahead;
forge ahead with;
forget it
fork out;
fork out for;
fork out on;
fork over;
fork-lift truck
forked lightning
forklift truck
form letter
form room
form teacher
form tutor
form up;
formic acid
formula milk
Fort Knox
fortified wine
Fortune 500
fortune cookie
fortune hunter
fortune teller
forty winks
forty-ninth parallel
forward market
forward pass
forward roll
forward slash
forwarding address
fossil fuel
foul ball
foul line
foul out;
foul play
foul shot
foul up;
foundation course
foundation garment
foundation stone
founder member
Founding Father
founding father
founding member
Fountain of Youth
fountain of youth
fountain pen
four-color process
four-colour process
four-leaf clover
four-leaved clover
four-letter word
four-poster bed
four-star general
four-star petrol
four-way stop
four-wheel drive
Fourteenth Amendment
fourth class
fourth dimension
Fourth Estate
fourth estate
Fourth of July
fourth official
fox hunt
fox hunting
fox terrier
fox trot
fractional distillation
fragmentation bomb
fragmentation grenade
fraidy cat
frame house
frame of mind
frame of reference
frame tent
franchise player
Frankenstein food
Frankenstein monster
Frankenstein's monster
franking machine
fraternal twin
Fraud Squad
fraud squad
freak of nature
freak out;
freak show
Freddie Mac
free agency
free agent
free and easy
free associate
free association
Free Church
free collective bargaining
free enterprise
free fall
free form
free gift
free hand
free house
free jazz
free kick
free love
free market
free marketeer
free morpheme
free of charge
free on board
free pardon
free pass
free period
free port
free radical
free rein
free ride
free running
free safety
free speech
free spirit
free thinker
free throw
free trade
free up;
free verse
free vote
free will
free zone
freedom fighter
freedom of assembly
freedom of association
freedom of expression
freedom of information
Freedom of Information Act
freedom of speech
freedom of the city
freedom of the press
freedom song
freeride board
freeze out;
freeze out of;
freeze over;
freeze up;
freezer compartment
freezer pack
freezing point
freight car
freight train
French bean
French braid
French bread
French Canada
French Canadian
French door
French dressing
French fries
French fry
french fry
French horn
French kiss
French knickers
French leave
French letter
French loaf
French plait
French pleat
French polish
French press
French stick
French toast
French twist
French window
French-fried potato
frequency modulation
frequent flier
frequent flyer
fresh air
freshen up;
Freudian slip
friction tape
fridge magnet
fried rice
friendly fire
friendly match
friendly society
Friends of the Earth
frig about;
frig around;
fright wig
frighten away;
frighten away from;
frighten into;
frighten off;
frighten out of;
frigid zone
fringe benefit
fringe medicine
fringe theatre
frisk down;
fritter away;
fritter away on;
frock coat
frog spawn
from afar
from bad to worse
from now on
from scratch
from the get-go
from the outset
from time immemorial
from top to bottom
fromage frais
front and center
front bench
front burner
front desk
front door
front end
front for;
front line
front loader
front man
front matter
front of house
front office
front page
front room
front runner
front-end loader
front-end processor
front-wheel drive
frontage road
frontal assault
frontal attack
frontal lobe
frontal system
frost over;
frost up;
frosted glass
froth up;
frown on;
frown upon;
frozen yogurt
fruit bat
fruit bowl
fruit cake
fruit cocktail
fruit cup
fruit fly
fruit machine
fruit salad
frying pan
FT 100 Share Index
FT Index
FTSE 100
FTSE Index
fuck about;
fuck all
fuck around;
fuck off;
fuck over;
fuck up;
fuck with;
fucked up
fuel cell
fuel injection
fuel poverty
fuel rod
fuel up;
full beam
full board
full bore
full circle
full cost accounting
full dress
full employment
full face
full fare
full forward
full frontal
full house
full marks
full monty
full moon
full name
full of it
full point
full professor
full stop
full time
full toss
full up
full-court press
full-fat milk
full-motion video
fuller's earth
fully blown
fully fledged
fully grown
fun and games
fun fur
fun house
fun run
function as;
function key
function room
function word
functional food
functional grammar
functional illiteracy
functional illiterate
fund manager
fundamental force
funeral chapel
funeral director
funeral home
funeral parlor
funeral parlour
funicular railway
funnel-web spider
funny bone
funny business
funny farm
funny ha-ha
funny man
funny money
funny papers
fur up;
furniture mover
furniture remover
furniture van
further education
further to
fuse box
fuse wire
fusion bomb
fuss at;
fuss over;
fuss with;
future perfect
future perfect tense
future shock
future tense
futures market
futz around;
fuzzy logic
fuzzy search
G and T
G spot
gaboon mahogany
gad about;
gad around;
Gaelic football
gaffer tape
gag order
gag rule
gagging order
gain in;
gain on;
gal Friday
gall bladder
galley proof
gallop through;
gallows humor
gallows humour
Gallup poll
gamble away;
gamble on;
gambling den
game ball
game bird
game changer
game controller
game hen
game park
game plan
game point
game preserve
game reserve
game show
game theory
game warden
games console
gamma globulin
gamma radiation
gamma ray
gang bang
gang rape
gang together;
gang up;
gang up against;
gang up on;
gangsta rap
gangsta rapper
Gantt chart
gap year
garage band
garage rock
garage sale
garam masala
garbage bag
garbage can
garbage collector
garbage disposal
garbage dump
garbage man
garbage truck
garbanzo bean
garden apartment
garden center
garden centre
garden chair
garden city
garden egg
garden flat
Garden of Eden
garden of Eden
garden party
garden salad
garden shed
garden suburb
gardening leave
garlic bread
garlic press
garment bag
garter belt
garter snake
gas cap
gas chamber
gas fire
gas giant
gas guzzler
gas heater
gas jar
gas lamp
gas light
gas mantle
gas mark
gas mask
gas meter
gas oil
gas pedal
gas permeable lens
gas pump
gas ring
gas station
gas tank
gas turbine
gas up;
gas works
gasp out;
gastric band
gastric bypass
gastric flu
gastric juices
gate money
gate-leg table
gated community
gateleg table
gateway drug
gather in;
gather up;
Gator Bowl
gay liberation
gay pride
gay rights
gear lever
gear shift
gear stick
gear to;
gear towards;
gear up;
gear up for;
gear up to;
gee on;
gee up;
gee whiz
gee whizz
Geiger counter
geisha girl
gen up;
gen up on;
Gen X
Gen Xer
gender bender
gender bias
gender discrimination
gender identity disorder
gender reassignment
gender violence
gene pool
gene therapy
general admission
General American
general anaesthetic
general anesthetic
General Certificate of Education
General Certificate of Secondary Education
general counsel
general delivery
general election
general headquarters
general hospital
general knowledge
general meeting
general practice
general practitioner
general public
general staff
general store
general strike
generation gap
Generation X
generation X
Generation X'er
generation Xer
generation Y
generative grammar
generic brand
genetic code
genetic engineer
genetic fingerprint
genetic fingerprinting
genetic modification
genetic profiling
genetic screening
genetically engineered
genetically modified
Geneva Convention
Genghis Khan
genius loci
genned up
genre painting
gentian violet
gentleman farmer
gentleman's agreement
gentlemen's agreement
geodesic dome
geometric mean
geometric progression
geometric series
geometrical progression
geostationary orbit
germ warfare
German mark
German measles
German shepherd
Gestalt psychology
get a hold of
get about;
get across;
get across to;
get after;
get ahead;
get ahead of;
get along;
get along together;
get along with;
get along without;
get around;
get around to;
get at;
get away;
get away from;
get away scot-free
get away with;
get back;
get back at;
get back in;
get back to;
get back together;
get back together with;
get back with;
get behind;
get behind with;
get by;
get by in;
get by on;
get by with;
get down;
get down to;
get even
get hold of
get in;
get in on;
get in with;
get into;
get jollies
get lost
get off;
get off on;
get off scot-free
get off with;
get on;
get on at;
get on the score sheet
get on the scoresheet
get on to;
get on together;
get on with;
get onto;
get out;
get out of;
get over;
get over to;
get over with;
get past;
get rid of
get round;
get round to;
get started
get through;
get through to;
get through with;
get to;
get together;
get together with;
get up;
get up as;
get up to;
get with;
get-out clause
get-well card
Gettysburg Address
ghetto blaster
ghost site
ghost story
ghost town
ghost train
ghost writer
giant killer
giant panda
giant sequoia
giant slalom
giant squid
giant tortoise
Gideon Bible
gift aid
gift card
gift certificate
gift shop
gift token
gift voucher
gift wrap
Gila monster
Gilbert and Sullivan
gilt-edged securities
gin rummy
gin sling
gin trap
ginger ale
ginger beer
ginger group
ginger nut
ginger snap
ginger up;
gingerbread man
ginkgo biloba
gippy tummy
gird for;
gird up for;
girl band
girl Friday
girl group
Girl Guide
girl guide
Girl Guider
girl power
Girl Scout
girl scout
Girl Scouts of the USA
giro cheque
give a leg-up
give and take
give away;
give back;
give back to;
give eye teeth for
give house room
give house-room
give houseroom
give in;
give in to;
give me a break
give of;
give off;
give on to;
give onto;
give out;
give over;
give over to;
give the heave-ho
give the once-over
give the run-around
give the runaround
give up;
give up on;
give up to;
giveaway price
given name
glace icing
glacial period
glad hand
glad rags
glam rock
glammed up
glamour model
glance off;
glance on;
glandular fever
glare ice
glass ceiling
glass fiber
glass fibre
glass in;
glass over;
glass wool
glaze over;
glee club
glittering prize
global economy
global positioning system
global reach
global village
global warming
globe artichoke
glom on to;
glom onto;
Glorious Twelfth
glory days
glory in;
gloss over;
gloss paint
glossy magazine
glottal stop
glove box
glove compartment
glove puppet
glue ear
glue sniffing
gluteus muscle
glycaemic index
glycemic index
GM food
gnash the teeth
gnashing of teeth
gnaw at;
gnaw away at;
go about;
go after;
go against;
go ahead;
go ahead with;
go along;
go along with;
go apeshit
go around;
go around to;
go astray
go at;
go away;
go back;
go back on;
go back to;
go before;
go beyond;
go by;
go bye-byes
go down;
go down as;
go down from;
go down in;
go down like a lead balloon
go down on;
go down to;
go down with;
go figure
go for;
go haywire
go hog-wild
go in;
go in for;
go in with;
go into;
go like hot cakes
go mushrooming
go off;
go off at half-cock
go off half-cocked
go off on;
go off with;
go on;
go on about;
go on ahead;
go on at;
go on to;
go on with;
go out;
go out for;
go out of;
go out to;
go out together;
go out with;
go out with the ark
go over;
go over like a lead balloon
go over to;
go over with;
go phut
go rabbiting
go round;
go round to;
go through;
go through with;
go to;
go to bye-byes
go together;
go toward;
go towards;
go under;
go unheard
go up;
go up from;
go up to;
go well
go with;
go without;
go wrong
go-faster stripes
go-go dancer
go-to guy
goad on;
goal difference
goal kick
goal line
goal mouth
goal poacher
goat cheese
goat's cheese
gobble down;
gobble up;
God damn
God Save the King
God Save the Queen
God slot
God squad
God willing
God's country
God's gift
God's truth
goddamn it
going concern
going on
going on for
going to
gold brick
gold card
gold digger
gold disc
gold dust
gold foil
gold leaf
gold medal
gold medalist
gold medallist
gold mine
gold plate
gold record
gold reserve
gold rush
gold standard
golden age
golden ager
golden anniversary
golden boy
golden eagle
golden girl
Golden Globe Awards
Golden Glove Awards
golden goal
golden goodbye
golden goose
golden handcuffs
golden handshake
golden hello
golden jubilee
golden oldie
golden opportunity
golden parachute
golden raisin
golden retriever
Golden Rule
golden rule
golden section
golden share
golden syrup
golden wedding
golden wedding anniversary
golden years
goldfish bowl
golf ball
golf cart
golf club
golf course
golf links
gondola car
gonzo journalism
goober pea
good afternoon
Good Book
good day
good evening
good faith
Good Friday
good guy
good humor
good humour
good life
good looks
good Lord
good luck
good money
good morning
good name
good nature
good night
good ol' boy
good old boy
good ole boy
good riddance
Good Samaritan
good Samaritan
good sense
good will
good works
good-time Charlie
good-time gal
good-time girl
goodie bag
goodness gracious
goods and chattels
goods train
goodwill ambassador
goody bag
Goody Two-shoes
goody two-shoes
goof around;
goof off;
goof on;
goof up;
googly eyes
goose bumps
goose egg
goose flesh
goose pimples
goose step
gopher ball
Gordian knot
Gordon Bennett
gospel music
gospel truth
gossip column
gossip columnist
gouge out;
gouge out of;
governing body
government and binding theory
government health warning
Government House
Governor General
governor general
Governors General
governors general
Gp Capt
grab at;
grab bag
grace and favour
grace note
grace period
gracious me
grad school
grade A
grade crossing
grade point average
grade school
grade-point average
graded reader
Graduate Management Admissions Test
graduate school
graduate student
graft off;
graham cracker
grain elevator
gram calorie
grammar checker
grammar school
grammar translation method
Grand Central Station
grand duchess
grand duke
grand finale
grand jury
grand larceny
grand mal
grand marshal
grand master
Grand National
grand old man
Grand Ole Opry
grand opening
grand opera
grand piano
Grand Prix
grand prix
Grand Slam
grand slam
grand slam home run
grand theft
grand total
Grand Tour
grand tour
grand unified theory
grande dame
grandes dames
grandfather clause
grandfather clock
grandfather's clock
grandmother clock
Grands Prix
grands prix
grandstand finish
granny flat
granny knot
grant aid
granulated sugar
graph paper
graphic artist
graphic arts
graphic design
graphic designer
graphic equalizer
graphic novel
graphical user interface
graphics adapter
graphics card
graphics tablet
grapple with;
grappling hook
grappling iron
grasp at;
grasp for;
grass court
grass on;
grass over;
grass roots
grass skirt
grass snake
grass up;
grass widow
grave accent
grave robber
gravel pit
graven image
graveyard shift
graveyard watch
gravitate to;
gravitate toward;
gravitate towards;
gravy boat
gravy train
gray area
gray dollar
gray market
gray matter
gray water
grazing land
grease gun
grease monkey
grease paint
greaseproof paper
greasy spoon
great ape
great auk
Great Bear
Great Britain
great coat
Great Dane
Great Divide
Great Power
Great Scott
Great War
great white shark
Great White Way
Grecian nose
greedy guts
Greek cross
Greek salad
green audit
green bean
green belt
Green Beret
green bin
green card
green channel
green fingers
green light
green man
green manure
green onion
Green Paper
Green Party
green pepper
Green Revolution
green revolution
green roof
green room
green salad
green shoots
green tea
green thumb
green vegetable
Green Welly Brigade
green welly brigade
green-eyed monster
greenfield site
greenhouse effect
greenhouse gas
Greenwich Mean Time
Greenwich mean time
Greenwich Time
greeting card
greetings card
Gregorian calendar
Gregorian chant
Grenadier Guards
Gretna Green
grey area
grey eminence
grey market
grey matter
grey out;
grey pound
grey water
Greyhound Bus
greyhound racing
grid reference
griddle cake
grief tourist
grievance procedure
grievous bodily harm
grill pan
grill tray
Grim Reaper
grind along;
grind away;
grind away at;
grind down;
grind on;
grind out;
grind up;
Gripe Water
gripe water
grist for the mill
grist to the mill
grizzly bear
groan with;
grocery store
grope around;
gross domestic product
gross margin
gross national product
gross out;
gross profit
gross up;
ground bait
ground ball
ground beef
ground cloth
ground control
ground cover
ground crew
ground floor
ground forces
ground frost
ground glass
ground in;
ground level
ground out;
ground plan
ground rent
ground rule
ground rules
ground sheet
ground speed
ground squirrel
ground staff
ground stroke
ground water
Ground Zero
ground zero
Groundhog Day
group captain
group home
group practice
group therapy
group work
grow apart;
grow apart from;
grow away from;
grow back;
grow from;
grow in;
grow into;
grow on;
grow out;
grow out of;
grow up;
grow up on;
growing pains
growing season
grown up
growth hormone
growth industry
growth ring
grub out;
Grub Street
grub up;
grudge match
grumbling appendix
grunge rock
grunt work
guaranteed investment certificate
guard against;
guard cell
guard dog
guard of honour
guard post
guard rail
guard's van
guardian angel
guessing game
guest beer
guest book
guest house
guest of honor
guest of honour
guest room
guest worker
guidance counsellor
guidance counselor
guidance system
guide book
guide dog
guide price
guide word
guided missile
guided tour
guided writing
guiding light
guiding principle
guiding spirit
guilt complex
guilt into;
guilt trip
guinea fowl
guinea hen
guinea pig
Guinness Book of Records
gulab jamun
Gulf States
Gulf Stream
Gulf War
Gulf War Syndrome
gulp back;
gulp down;
gulp in;
gum tree
gum up;
gun carriage
gun control
gun dog
gun down;
gun for;
gun moll
gunboat diplomacy
gung ho
gunmetal grey
Gunpowder Plot
gussy up;
gut reaction
gutter out;
gutter press
Guy Fawkes Night
Guy Fawkes night
Guy Fawkes' Night
guy rope
gym shoe
gyppy tummy
gypsy moth
ha ha
ha ha ha
ha'porth of difference
habeas corpus
hack off;
hack saw
hack up;
hacked off
hacking cough
hacking jacket
hackney cab
hackney carriage
had better
hail from;
Hail Mary
hailing distance
hair drier
hair dryer
hair extension
hair gel
hair grip
hair lacquer
hair mousse
hair salon
hair shirt
hair slide
hair spray
hair straighteners
hair style
hair stylist
hair trigger
hair weave
hair's breadth
hair-trigger temper
hairpin bend
hairpin curve
hairpin turn
halcyon days
hale and hearty
half a crown
half an hour
half bath
half board
half brother
half crown
half day
half dead
half decent
half dollar
half hour
half life
half measure
half note
half pants
half past
half pipe
half price
half shell
half sister
half step
half term
half time
half tone
half truth
half volley
halfway house
halfway line
Hall of Fame
hall of fame
Hall of Famer
hall of residence
halogen lamp
halter top
hamburger meat
hammer and sickle
hammer away;
hammer away at;
hammer blow
hammer in;
hammer into;
hammer out;
hammer price
hammer throw
hammerhead shark
Hammond organ
hand around;
hand back;
hand back to;
hand baggage
hand brake
hand cream
hand down;
hand down to;
hand grenade
hand in;
hand in to;
hand job
hand luggage
hand off;
hand on;
hand on to;
hand out;
hand out to;
hand over;
hand over to;
hand puppet
hand round;
hand to hand
hand tool
hand towel
hand-eye coordination
handlebar moustache
handlebar mustache
handling charge
hands down
hands off
hang a U-ey
hang about;
hang about with;
hang around;
hang around with;
hang back;
hang back from;
hang glider
hang gliding
hang in;
hang on;
hang on to;
hang onto;
hang out;
hang over;
hang round;
Hang Seng index
hang time
hang together;
hang up;
hang up on;
hang with;
hanging basket
hanging valley
hanker after;
hansom cab
happen along;
happen by;
happen into;
happen on;
happen to;
happen upon;
happy camper
happy families
happy hour
happy medium
happy slapping
harbor master
harbour master
hard and fast
hard boiled
hard by
hard candy
hard case
hard cash
hard cider
hard coal
hard copy
hard core
hard court
hard currency
hard disk
hard disk recorder
hard drinker
hard drive
hard drug
hard going
hard hat
hard labor
hard labour
hard left
hard line
hard luck
hard margin
hard money
hard news
hard nut
hard of hearing
hard palate
hard porn
hard pressed
hard put
hard right
hard rock
hard rocker
hard science
hard scientist
hard sell
hard shoulder
hard stuff
hard up
hard wearing
hard-luck story
hardly ever
hardware dealer
hardware shop
hardware store
hardy perennial
hare coursing
Hare Krishna
hare lip
hare off;
harem pants
haricot bean
hark at;
hark back;
hark back to;
Harlequin Romance
Harley Davidson
Harley Street
Harmonized Sales Tax
harness racing
harp at;
harp on;
Harris Tweed
harvest festival
harvest mite
harvest moon
Harvey Nichols
Harvey Nicks
hash browns
hash mark
hash out;
hash over;
hash sign
hash up;
hashed browns
hat stand
hat trick
hatch out;
hatchet job
hatchet man
hate campaign
hate crime
hate mail
haul in;
haul off;
haul on;
haul up;
haute couture
haute couturier
haute cuisine
have a boob job
have a one-track mind
have a quick one
have a quick temper
have a shufti
have a shufti at
have a shufty
have a skinful
have a snit
have a soft corner for
have a soft spot for
have against;
have an open mind
have away;
have back;
have dibs on
have first dibs on
have got
have got against;
have got in;
have got on;
have got to
have had a bellyful
have in;
have in for;
have off;
have on;
have out;
have out with;
have over;
have round;
have to
have up;
have up for;
have verbal diarrhoea
have-a-go hero
haves and have-nots
Hawaiian shirt
hay fever
hazard light
hazard pay
hazard warning light
hazardous duty pay
hazardous waste
haze over;
head band
head boy
head case
head cold
head count
head first
head gear
head girl
head of government
head of state
head off;
head office
head on
head rush
head scarf
head shop
head start
head table
head teacher
head trip
head up;
head waiter
headed notepaper
headless chicken
heads up
heal over;
heal up;
health and safety
health authority
health card
health care
health care worker
health center
health centre
health club
health farm
health food
health inspector
health insurance
health professional
health service
health spa
health visitor
heap up;
hear from;
hear of;
hear out;
hearing aid
hearing dog
hearing-ear dog
heart attack
heart bypass
heart disease
heart failure
heart murmur
heart-lung machine
hearth rug
heat capacity
heat exchanger
heat exhaustion
heat index
heat lightning
heat prostration
heat pump
heat rash
heat resistant
heat shield
heat stroke
heat through;
heat treatment
heat up;
heat wave
Heath Robinson
heave to;
heave up;
heaven sent
heavenly body
heavenly host
heavy breather
heavy breathing
heavy cream
heavy going
heavy goods vehicle
heavy hitter
heavy industry
heavy metal
heavy petting
heavy seas
heavy water
hedge about;
hedge against;
hedge around;
hedge fund
hedge in;
hedge in with;
hedge sparrow
hedge trimmers
hedge with;
heel bar
heel over;
Heimlich maneuver
heir apparent
heir presumptive
heirs apparent
heirs presumptive
Heisman Trophy
helicopter gunship
helicopter pad
helicopter parent
helicopter view
hell in a handbasket
hell of a
Hell's Angel
hell's bells
hell's teeth
help along;
help desk
help off with;
help on with;
help out;
help screen
help wanted
helping hand
helping verb
hem in;
hemlock spruce
hen house
hen night
hen party
hepatic portal vein
hepatitis A
hepatitis B
hepatitis C
herb doctor
herb garden
herbaceous border
herbal medicine
herbal tea
herd instinct
herd together;
here and now
here and there
hereditary peer
heritage centre
heritage coast
heritage language
heritage-listed building
hermetically sealed
hermit crab
herniated disc
hero sandwich
hero worship
heroic couplet
herpes zoster
herring gull
het up
hew to;
hey presto
hi tech
hickory chips
hickory tree
hidden agenda
hidden tax
hide away;
hide behind;
hide out;
hiding place
high and low
high and mighty
high and tight
high beam
high chair
High Church
high command
High Commission
high commission
High Commissioner
high commissioner
High Court
high court
High Court of Justice
high day
high def
high definition
high dependency unit
high dudgeon
high explosive
high fashion
high fidelity
high finance
high five
high flyer
high gear
high ground
high heels
High Holiday
High Holy Day
high horse
high jinks
high jump
high jumper
high life
high light
high living
high maintenance
High Mass
high mass
high noon
high performance
high point
high pressure
high priest
high priestess
high rise
high road
high roller
high school
high schooler
high sea
high seas
high season
High Sheriff
high society
high spirits
high spot
high street
high summer
high table
high tea
high tech
high technology
high tide
high top
high treason
high up
high water
high water mark
high wire
high-definition television
high-level language
high-water mark
higher animals
higher education
higher learning
higher plants
higher power
highest common factor
Highland cattle
Highland cow
Highland dress
Highland fling
Highland Games
highlighter pen
highly strung
Highway Code
highway patrol
highway robbery
hike up;
hill station
hillbilly music
hind quarters
hinder from;
hinge joint
hinge on;
hinge upon;
hint at;
hip bath
hip bone
hip flask
hip hop
hip joint
hip pocket
hip to
Hippocratic oath
hire on;
hire out;
hire purchase
hired gun
hired hand
his and hers
hissy fit
historic present
history list
hit and miss
hit back;
hit back at;
hit for;
hit list
hit man
hit on;
hit or miss
hit out;
hit out at;
hit parade
hit pay dirt
hit paydirt
hit squad
hit up;
hit up for;
hit upon;
hit with;
hitch up;
HIV positive
hive off;
hive off into;
hive off to;
HM Revenue and Customs
ho ho
ho ho ho
ho hum
hoar frost
hobby horse
hobnail boot
hobnailed boot
Hobson's choice
hockey skate
Hodgkin's disease
hoe in;
hog heaven
hog-nosed snake
hognose snake
hoi polloi
hoist with your own petard
hold against;
hold back;
hold back from;
hold down;
hold forth;
hold in;
hold it
hold off;
hold on;
hold on to;
hold onto;
hold out;
hold out for;
hold out on;
hold over;
hold to;
hold together;
hold up;
hold up as;
hold with;
holding company
holding operation
holding pattern
hole in one
hole in the heart
hole in the wall
hole punch
hole up;
holed up
holiday camp
holiday home
holiday package
holiday rep
holiday resort
holiday season
holiday village
holistic medicine
hollandaise sauce
hollow out;
Hollywood ending
Holmes, Sherlock
Holy Bible
Holy Communion
holy day
Holy Family
Holy Father
Holy Ghost
Holy Grail
holy grail
Holy Land
holy of holies
Holy Orders
holy orders
Holy Roller
Holy Scripture
Holy See
Holy Spirit
Holy Trinity
holy war
holy water
Holy Week
Holy Writ
home address
home alone
home banking
home base
home birth
home brew
home cinema
home confinement
Home Counties
home counties
home economics
home field
home fried potatoes
home fries
home front
home ground
home help
home improvement
home in;
home in on;
home language
home loan
home movie
home number
Home Office
home office
home owner
home page
home phone number
home plate
home room
home rule
home run
home schooling
Home Secretary
home shopping
home straight
home stretch
home theater
home theatre
home town
home truth
home unit
home video
home visit
home-court advantage
home-field advantage
Homeland Security
homing instinct
homing pigeon
Homo erectus
Homo habilis
Homo sapiens
homo sapiens
hone in on;
honest broker
honey bee
honey trap
honeydew melon
honeymoon period
honor code
honor guard
honor roll
honor society
honor system
honorable mention
honoris causa
honors degree
honour code
honour killing
honour roll
honour system
honourable mention
honours degree
honours list
hoof-and-mouth disease
hook and eye
hook into;
hook shot
hook up;
hook up to;
hook up with;
hook, line and sinker
hooks and eyes
hoop earring
Hooray Henry
hoover up;
hop, step and jump
hope chest
hopped up
horizontal axis
hormone replacement therapy
horn in;
horn in on;
horn of plenty
horn-rimmed glasses
hornet's nest
horror film
horror movie
horror show
horror story
horror stricken
hors d'oeuvre
hors de combat
horse about;
horse around;
horse box
horse chestnut
horse float
horse fly
horse laugh
horse race
horse racing
horse riding
horse sense
horse show
horse trade
horse trader
horse trading
horse trailer
horse's ass
horseback riding
horseradish sauce
horseshoe crab
hose down;
hospital corners
hospitality tray
host computer
hostile witness
hot air
hot button
hot button issue
hot cake
hot chocolate
hot cross bun
hot desk
hot dog
hot favorite
hot favourite
hot flash
hot flush
hot key
hot line
hot link
hot list
hot pants
hot pink
hot plate
hot pot
hot potato
hot rod
hot rodder
hot seat
hot shit
hot shot
hot spot
hot spring
hot stuff
hot ticket
hot toddy
hot tub
hot up;
hot water
hot water bottle
hot-air balloon
hot-air gun
hot-water bottle
hot-water cylinder
hot-water tank
hound dog
hound from;
hound out;
hound out of;
hour glass
hour hand
hourglass figure
house arrest
house call
house cat
House Committee
house dust mite
house fly
house guest
house husband
house journal
house lights
House Majority Leader
house martin
house music
house of cards
House of Commons
house of corrections
house of God
House of Lords
House of Representatives
house officer
house organ
house owner
house party
house plant
house room
house sitter
house sparrow
house style
house swap
house to house
House Un-American Activities Committee
household goods
household name
household word
housekeeping money
Houses of Parliament
housewarming party
housing association
housing benefit
housing development
housing estate
housing project
HOV lane
hover mower
how about
how come
how many
howl down;
hub cap
huddle together;
huddle up;
Hudson Bay blanket
Hudson's Bay blanket
hue and cry
hula hoop
human being
human capital
human error
human geography
human growth hormone
human immunodeficiency virus
human interest
human nature
human race
human relations
human resources
human right
human rights
human shield
human touch
human trafficking
humanly possible
hump-back bridge
hump-backed bridge
humpback bridge
humpback whale
humpbacked bridge
Humpty Dumpty
hunched up
hundreds and thousands
hung jury
hung over
hung parliament
hung up
hunger after;
hunger for;
hunger strike
hunger striker
hunker down;
hunt down;
hunt out;
hunt saboteur
hunt up;
hunting ground
hurricane lamp
hurry along;
hurry on;
hurry up;
hurry up with;
hurt for;
hush money
hush puppy
hush up;
hustle up;
hybrid car
hydrochloric acid
hydrogen bomb
hydrogen peroxide
hydroxyl ion
hymn book
hype up;
hyped up
hypodermic needle
hypodermic syringe
I beg your pardon
I Ching
I don't know
I don't think so
I guess
I told you so
I'll be jiggered
I'll tell you what
I'm afraid
I'm afraid not
I'm afraid so
I'm sorry
I-9 form
iambic pentameter
Iberian Peninsula
Ice Age
ice age
ice ax
ice axe
ice bag
ice blue
ice bucket
ice cap
ice chest
ice coffee
ice cream
ice cream parlor
ice cube
ice dance
ice dancer
ice dancing
ice down;
ice field
ice fishing
ice floe
ice hockey
ice house
ice lolly
ice milk
ICE number
ice over;
ice pack
ice pick
ice rink
ice sheet
ice shelf
ice show
ice skate
ice skater
ice skating
ice storm
ice tea
ice up;
ice water
ice-cream cone
ice-cream soda
iceberg lettuce
iced coffee
iced tea
iced water
icing sugar
ID card
idee fixe
idees fixes
identical twin
identification card
identification parade
identify with;
identity card
identity crisis
identity parade
identity theft
idiot box
idiot savant
idiots savants
idle away;
idle time
if all else fails
if need be
if not
if only
if you don't mind
if you must
ill at ease
ill effects
ill feeling
ill health
ill humor
ill humour
ill will
ill wind
ill-disposed towards
ill-gotten gains
illegal alien
illegal immigrant
imaginary number
imbue with;
Immaculate Conception
immersion heater
immigration control
immoral earnings
immune deficiency
immune response
immune system
imperative mood
imperfect tense
imperial bushel
impersonal pronoun
impinge on;
impinge upon;
import duty
import license
improper fraction
improve on;
improve upon;
impulse buy
impulse buying
impute to;
in 3-D
in a cleft stick
in a daze
in a flash
in a hurry
in a jiffy
in a nutshell
in a quandary
in a row
in a snit
in a tizz
in a tizzy
in a trice
in a word
in abeyance
in absentia
in accordance with
in addition
in addition to
in advance
in and out
in any case
in back
in back of
in between
in box
in brief
in cahoots
in cahoots with
in case
in case of
in charge
in cloud cuckoo land
in cloud-cuckoo-land
in common
in common with
in conclusion
in control
in demand
in depth
in detail
in doubt
in effect
in exchange
in extremis
in fact
in favor of
in flagrante
in flagrante delicto
in for it
in front
in front of
in full
in general
in jeopardy
in lieu of
in light of
in line with
in loco parentis
in medias res
in memoriam
in midstream
in no time
in no uncertain terms
in olden days
in olden times
in order to
in other words
in parenthesis
in part
in particular
in passing
in perpetuity
in person
in place
in place of
in practice
in principle
in private
in progress
in public
in pursuance of
in re
in reality
in regard to
in reserve
in retrospect
in return
in reverse
in schtuck
in secret
in seventh heaven
in short
in shtook
in situ
in so far as
in some ways
in spite of
in store
in sync
in synch
in tatters
in that
in that case
in the ascendant
in the ascendent
in the box seat
in the dark
in the end
in the firing line
in the first place
in the know
in the long run
in the meantime
in the middle of
in the offing
in the throes of
in the way
in the works
in the world
in theory
in thrall
in time
in too deep
in toto
in touch
in tray
in triplicate
in truth
in turn
in unison
in unison with
in vain
in vitro
in vitro fertilization
in vivo
in working order
in writing
in your dotage
in-goal area
in-law apartment
in-law suite
in-line skate
in-line skater
in-line skating
inasmuch as
Inauguration Day
inboard motor
inbounds pass
incident ray
incident room
incidental music
inclined plane
income support
income tax
incubation period
indecent assault
indecent exposure
indefinite article
indefinite pronoun
Independence Day
independent clause
independent means
independent school
independent travel
independent traveller
independent variable
index card
index finger
index number
India ink
india ink
India rubber
Indian club
Indian corn
Indian file
Indian giver
Indian ink
Indian mynah
Indian summer
Indian wrestling
Indianapolis 500
indicator board
indicator panel
Indigenous People's Day
indirect cost
indirect discourse
indirect object
indirect question
indirect speech
indirect tax
indirect taxation
individual retirement account
induction coil
induction course
induction loop
indulge in;
industrial action
industrial archaeology
industrial arts
industrial dispute
industrial espionage
industrial estate
industrial park
industrial relations
Industrial Revolution
industrial tribunal
Indy car
Indy Car racing
Indy car racing
Indy racing
inert gas
inertia selling
inertial reel
infant formula
infant school
infantile paralysis
inferiority complex
infertility clinic
infinity pool
inflatable bouncer
inflationary spiral
inflected language
influence peddling
inform against;
inform on;
informal settlement
information center
information centre
information highway
information overload
information processing
information retrieval
information science
information superhighway
information technology
information theory
informed consent
infra dig
inhere in;
inheritance tax
initial letter
initial public offering
initiation ceremony
injection molding
injection moulding
injured party
injury time
ink in;
ink pad
ink-blot test
ink-jet printer
inkblot test
inkjet printer
Inland Revenue
inlay card
inner child
inner circle
inner city
inner ear
inner ring
inner sanctum
inner sole
inner tube
Inns of Court
inorganic chemistry
input device
inquire after;
inquire into;
inquire of;
ins and outs
inside job
inside lane
inside leg
inside of
inside out
inside track
insider dealing
insider trading
insist on;
insist upon;
insofar as
insomuch as
insomuch that
inspector general
inspector of taxes
inspectors general
install program
installment plan
instant message
instant replay
instead of
institutionalized racism
instruction manual
instrument panel
insulating tape
insurance adjuster
insurance agent
insurance broker
insurance policy
insurance premium
insure against;
intangible asset
integral calculus
integrated circuit
integrated software
intellectual assets
intellectual property
intelligence quotient
intelligence test
intelligent design
intensive care
intensive care unit
intensive farming
inter alia
intercostal muscle
interest free
interest group
interest in;
interest rate
interfere with;
interior decoration
interior decorator
interior design
interior designer
interior monologue
intermediate school
intermediate system
intermediate technology
internal clock
internal combustion engine
internal market
internal medicine
Internal Revenue Service
internal-combustion engine
International Baccalaureate
international baccalaureate
international community
International Date Line
international date line
international law
International Monetary Fund
International Phonetic Alphabet
international relations
Internet address
Internet banking
internet banking
Internet cafe
internet cafe
internet dating
Internet hotel
Internet Relay Chat
Internet service provider
interpretation centre
interrogation mark
interstate highway
interval training
intervertebral disc
intestinal fortitude
into a tizzy
intrauterine device
inure to;
inveigh against;
inveigle into;
inversely proportional
inverted comma
inverted commas
inverted snob
inverted snobbery
invest as;
invest in;
invest with;
investigative journalism
investigative journalist
investment bank
investment banker
investment banking
investment trust
invitation to tender
invite along;
invite around;
invite back;
invite in;
invite out;
invite over;
invite round;
invite up;
involve in;
inward investment
iodine solution
iodized salt
ionic bond
IP address
IP number
IP telephony
ipso facto
Irish American
Irish coffee
Irish Gaelic
Irish Setter
Irish setter
Irish stew
Iron Age
iron box
Iron Curtain
iron curtain
Iron Lady
iron lung
Iron Man
iron man
iron ore
iron out;
iron rations
ironing board
irrational number
irrespective of
irrigation channel
irritable bowel syndrome
isolation period
isosceles triangle
issue forth;
issue from;
issue price
It girl
it's high time
Italian dressing
ivory tower
Ivy League
jack around;
Jack cheese
Jack Frost
jack in;
jack into;
jack of all trades
jack off;
jack plug
jack rabbit
Jack Robinson
Jack Russell
Jack Russell terrier
jack shit
Jack Tar
Jack the Lad
Jack the Ripper
jack up;
jacket potato
jade green
jai alai
jalapeno pepper
jam jar
jam on;
jam sandwich
jam session
jam up;
Jane Doe
Janet and John
Japanese beetle
Japanese lantern
Jarrow March
jaw bone
Jaws of Life
jazz funk
jazz fusion
jazz up;
je ne sais quoi
jeep safari
jeepers creepers
jeez Louise
Jehovah's Witness
Jekyll and Hyde
jelly baby
jelly bean
jelly roll
jelly shoe
jerk around;
jerk off;
jerk out;
Jersey cow
jersey cow
Jerusalem artichoke
Jesus Christ
Jesus of Nazareth
jet aircraft
jet black
jet engine
jet lag
jet off;
jet plane
jet propulsion
jet set
Jet Ski
jet ski
jet skier
jet stream
Jew's harp
jewel box
jewel case
jewellery box
jewelry box
Jeye cloth
jib at;
Jiffy bag
jig saw
jigsaw puzzle
Jim Crow
jim crow
Jim Crowism
jim crowism
job action
job centre
job club
job creation
job description
job evaluation
job lot
job satisfaction
job security
job seeker
job share
Job's comforter
Jobseeker's Allowance
jobseeker's allowance
jock itch
Jockey shorts
jockey shorts
Joe Bloggs
Joe Blow
joe job
Joe Public
Joe Schmo
Joe Sixpack
jog along;
jog trot
jogging suit
John Birch Society
John Bull
John Doe
John Hancock
John Henry
John O'Groats
John o'Groats
John Q. Public
John Wayne
Johnny Reb
joie de vivre
join in;
join in with;
join up;
join up with;
join with;
joined up
joined-up thinking
Joint Chiefs of Staff
joint custody
joint degree
joint family
joint honours
joint resolution
joint venture
joint-stock company
jollof rice
jolly along;
jolly into;
Jolly Roger
jolly up;
jolly well
joss stick
jostle for;
jot down;
jotter pad
joy ride
joy rider
jua kali
judas hole
judgement call
Judgement Day
judgment call
Judgment Day
judgment day
judicial activism
judicial branch
judicial restraint
judicial review
jugged hare
juggling act
jugular vein
juice bar
juice box
juice up;
juiced up
juke joint
Julia Child
Julian calendar
jumble sale
jumble up;
jumbo jet
jump at;
jump ball
jump in;
jump into;
jump jet
jump jockey
jump lead
jump off;
jump on;
jump out;
jump out at;
jump rope
jump seat
jump shot
jump start
jump up;
jumper cable
jumper leads
jumping bean
jumping jack
jumping-off place
jumping-off point
junction box
jungle gym
jungle music
jungle warfare
junior college
junior common room
junior doctor
junior high
junior high school
junior school
junior varsity
junk bond
junk e-mail
junk food
junk foods
junk mail
junk science
junk shop
jury box
jury duty
jury panel
jury service
just a minute
just a second
just about
just because
just for the record
just in case
just like that
just now
just so
just the thing
just then
just this once
Justice of the Peace
justice of the peace
justifiable homicide
jut out;
juvenile court
juvenile delinquency
juvenile delinquent
kaffee klatsch
kaiser roll
Kama Sutra
kangaroo court
keel over;
keep after;
keep an open mind
keep at;
keep away;
keep away from;
keep back;
keep back from;
keep down;
keep fit
keep from;
keep in;
keep in with;
keep mum
keep off;
keep on;
keep on about;
keep on at;
keep out;
keep out of;
keep schtum
keep shtum
keep to;
keep under;
keep up;
keep up with;
keep up with the Joneses
keg beer
keg party
kelly green
Kelvin scale
Kennedy Center
Kennedy, John Fitzgerald
kept woman
key card
key chain
key in;
key lime
key player
key ring
key signature
key to;
key worker
key-person insurance
keyed up
keyhole operation
keyhole surgery
keynote address
keynote speaker
keynote speech
Keystone Kops
kia ora
kick about;
kick against;
kick around;
kick back;
kick boxing
kick down;
kick drum
kick in;
kick off;
kick off with;
kick out;
kick out at;
kick out of;
kick over;
kick starter
kick turn
kick up;
kid around;
kid gloves
kid stuff
kid's stuff
kidney bean
kidney dialysis
kidney machine
kidney stone
kill off;
killer app
killer application
killer bee
killer cell
killer instinct
killer whale
killing fields
kind of
kindred spirit
kinetic art
kinetic energy
king crab
King's Bench
King's Counsel
King's English
King's evidence
king's evidence
king's ransom
King's speech
King, Stephen
kip down;
kipper tie
kirby grip
kiss away;
kiss curl
kiss of death
kiss of life
kiss off;
KISS principle
kiss up to;
kissing cousin
kit bag
kit out;
kit up;
kitchen cabinet
kitchen counter
kitchen garden
kitchen paper
kitchen police
kitchen porter
kitchen range
kitchen roll
kitchen tea
kitchen towel
kith and kin
kitten heels
Kitty litter
kiwi fruit
klezmer music
knacker's yard
knee breeches
knee sock
knee trembler
kneel down;
knickerbocker glory
knife edge
knight errant
knights errant
Knights of the Round Table
knit up;
knitting needle
knock about;
knock about together;
knock about with;
knock around;
knock around together;
knock around with;
knock back;
knock down;
knock down from;
knock down to;
knock in;
knock knees
knock off;
knock on wood
knock out;
knock over;
knock the daylights out of
knock the living daylights out of
knock together;
knock up;
knock-down, drag-out
knock-on effect
knocking copy
knocking shop
knockout drops
know from;
know of;
knowledge industry
knowledge management
knowledge transfer
knowledge worker
knuckle down;
knuckle down to;
knuckle sandwich
knuckle under;
knuckle under to;
koala bear
koi carp
kola nut
Komodo dragon
Kris Kringle
Kriss Kringle
Ku Klux Klan
kung fu
la dolce vita
La La Land
La La land
La Nina
La-La Land
La-La land
la-la land
labor camp
Labor Day
labor force
labor market
labor mobility
labor movement
labor of love
labor relations
labor under;
labor union
labour camp
Labour Day
labour exchange
labour force
labour market
labour movement
labour of love
Labour Party
labour relations
labour under;
labour union
Labrador retriever
labrador retriever
laburnum tree
lace curtain
lace up;
lactic acid
lactose intolerance
lad mag
ladder tournament
ladies room
ladies' fingers
ladies' man
ladies' room
ladle out;
Lady Bountiful
lady friend
Lady Godiva
lady mayor
Lady Muck
lady of leisure
lady of the house
lady of the night
lady's maid
lady's man
lag behind;
lager beer
lager lout
laisser faire
laissez faire
lam into;
lambing season
lame duck
lamp post
Lance Corporal
lance corporal
land agent
land bridge
land form
land girl
land in;
land mass
land mine
land of milk and honey
land of Nod
land of nod
land office
land on;
land reform
Land Registry
land registry
Land Rover
land tenure
land up;
land up at;
land up in;
land with;
land yacht
Land's End
land-grant university
land-office business
landed immigrant
landfill site
landing card
landing craft
landing field
landing gear
landing lights
landing pad
landing page
landing place
landing stage
landing strip
landmarked building
landscape architect
landscape architecture
landscape gardener
landscape gardening
language arts
language engineering
language lab
language laboratory
language school
language transfer
lantern jaw
lap belt
lap dance
lap dancer
lap dancing
lap dog
lap of honour
lap up;
lapis lazuli
lapsang souchong
lapse into;
laptop computer
lard with;
large intestine
large scale
larger than life
lark about;
lark around;
Las Vegas
laser beam
laser disc
laser disk
laser gun
laser printer
laser printing
lash down;
lash out;
lash out at;
Lassa fever
lassa fever
last call
last hurrah
Last Judgement
Last Judgment
last judgment
last minute
last name
Last Night of the Proms
last orders
last out;
last post
last rites
last straw
Last Supper
last will and testament
last word
latch on;
latch on to;
latch onto;
latchkey child
latchkey kid
late adopter
late bloomer
late checkout
late developer
latent heat
later on
lateral consonant
lateral thinker
lateral thinking
Latin alphabet
Latin America
Latin American
Latin lover
Latter-Day Saints
lattice window
latticed window
laugh at;
laugh away;
laugh lines
laugh off;
laugh track
laughing gas
laughing stock
laughter lines
launch into;
launch out;
launch pad
launching pad
laundry basket
laundry detergent
laundry list
laurel tree
laurel wreath
lava lamp
lavatory paper
lavender language
lavender water
lavish on;
lavish upon;
lavish with;
law and order
law breaking
law court
law enforcement
law enforcement agent
law firm
law lord
Law Lords
law of averages
law of the jungle
Law Society
lawn bowling
lawn chair
lawn mower
lawn party
lawn sign
lawn tennis
lay about;
lay about with;
lay aside;
lay before;
lay brother
lay by;
lay down;
lay in;
lay into;
lay of the land
lay off;
lay on;
lay out;
lay over;
lay over at;
lay over in;
lay people
lay person
lay reader
lay sister
lay to;
lay up;
layaway plan
layer cake
laze about;
laze around;
laze away;
lazy eye
lazy Susan
lead astray
lead balloon
lead guitar
lead into;
lead off;
lead off from;
lead on;
lead replacement petrol
lead shot
lead singer
lead story
lead time
lead to;
lead up to;
lead with;
leaded light
leaded window
leader board
Leader of the House
Leader of the Opposition
leading article
leading economic indicator
leading edge
leading hand
leading lady
leading light
leading man
leading question
leaf mold
leaf mould
leaf out;
leaf through;
league standings
league table
leak out;
lean manufacturing
lean on;
lean production
lean to;
lean toward;
lean towards;
lean upon;
leap at;
leap of faith
leap on;
leap out at;
leap upon;
leap year
learner driver
learner's permit
learning curve
learning difficulty
learning disability
learning disabled
leash law
least common denominator
least common multiple
leatherback turtle
leathery turtle
leave aside;
leave behind;
leave of absence
leave off;
leave out;
leave out of;
leave over;
leavening agent
lech after;
lech over;
lecture hall
lecture on;
lecture theater
lecture theatre
lecture tour
LED display
left and right
left brain
left field
left fielder
left luggage
left luggage office
left of center
left of centre
left wing
left-hand drive
left-handed compliment
left-luggage office
leg irons
leg out;
leg room
leg warmer
legacy system
legal action
legal age
legal aid
legal beagle
legal eagle
legal high
legal holiday
legal pad
legal proceedings
legal system
legal tender
Legionnaire's disease
legionnaire's disease
Legionnaires' disease
legionnaires' disease
legislative assembly
legislative branch
legislative council
leisure centre
leisure suit
leisure traveller
leisure visitor
leisure wear
lemon balm
lemon curd
lemon grass
lemon law
lemon sole
lemon squeezer
lemon tree
lemon yellow
lending library
lending rate
leper colony
less and less
less developed country
less than
let down;
let in;
let in for;
let in on;
let into;
let off;
let off with;
let on;
let on to;
let out;
let up;
lethal injection
letter bomb
letter box
letter carrier
letter of agreement
letter of credit
letter opener
level against;
level arch file
level at;
level crossing
level down;
level off;
level out;
level pegging
level playing field
level playing-field
level up;
level with;
leveraged buyout
lexical meaning
lexical unit
ley line
Leyland cypress
liaison officer
Lib Dem
liberal arts
Liberal Democrat
Liberal Democrat Party
Liberal Party
liberation theology
Liberty Bell
Library of Congress
licence agreement
licence plate
license number
license plate
licensed practical nurse
licensed victualler
licensing hours
licensing law
lie about;
lie ahead;
lie around;
lie back;
lie behind;
lie detector
lie down;
lie in;
lie of the land
lie on;
lie upon;
lie with;
liege lord
lieutenant colonel
lieutenant commander
lieutenant general
Lieutenant Governor
lieutenant governor
life assurance
life belt
life changing
life coach
life coaching
life cycle
life drawing
life event
life expectancy
life force
life form
life history
life imprisonment
life insurance
life jacket
life member
life net
life of Riley
life partner
life peer
life peerage
life preserver
life raft
life science
life sentence
life span
life story
life style
life support
life support machine
life support system
life vest
life's work
life-support machine
life-support system
lifelong learning
lifestyle manager
lift down;
lift off;
lift up;
light aircraft
light ale
light bulb
light entertainment
light fitting
light fixture
light globe
light heavyweight
light industry
light into;
light meter
light on;
light out;
light pen
light pollution
light railway
light relief
light show
light stick
light up;
light upon;
light water
light year
light years
lighten up;
lighting engineer
lighting-up time
lightning bug
lightning conductor
lightning rod
lightning strike
lights out
like bees around a honeypot
like billy-o
like crazy
like flies around a honeypot
like Fort Knox
like gangbusters
like mad
like magic
like new
like ninepins
like so
like the Michelin man
liken to;
lilac tree
lily of the valley
lily pad
lima bean
limber up;
limbic system
lime green
lime tree
lime water
limit to;
limited company
limited edition
limited English proficient
limited liability
limited liability company
limited partner
limp along;
Lincoln Center
Lincoln Memorial
Lincoln's Birthday
linden tree
line dance
line dancer
line dancing
line drawing
line drive
line graph
line item
line management
line manager
line of credit
line of scrimmage
line of sight
line of vision
line printer
line up;
line up with;
line-item veto
Linear B
linen basket
linen closet
linen cupboard
liner note
linger on;
lingua franca
linguae francae
linguistic science
link rot
link sausage
link up;
link up with;
link verb
link word
linking verb
linking word
linseed oil
lion's den
lion's share
lip balm
lip gloss
lip liner
lip reading
lip service
lipstick lesbian
liquid assets
liquid courage
liquid crystal
liquid crystal display
liquid lunch
liquid measure
Liquid Paper
liquid paraffin
liquid refreshment
liquid-crystal display
liquor store
liquorice allsorts
list price
listed building
listed company
listen for;
listen in;
listen in on;
listen in to;
listen out for;
listen up;
listening device
listening post
lit crit
literary agent
literary criticism
litmus paper
litmus test
litter bin
litter box
litter lout
litter tray
Little Bear
little bitty
little by little
Little Dipper
Little Englander
little Englander
little finger
little folk
little guy
Little League
Little Leaguer
little man
little one
little people
little tin god
little toe
little woman
livable in
live action
live by;
live down;
live for;
live in;
live in la-la land
live oak
live off;
live on;
live out;
live through;
live together;
live up to;
live wire
live with;
liveable in
liven up;
liver fluke
liver sausage
liver spot
livery stable
living death
living hell
living legend
living quarters
living roof
living room
living room suite
living standard
living wage
living will
Lloyd's of London
lo and behold
lo mein
load down;
load down with;
load line
load shedding
load up;
load up on;
loading bay
loading dock
loan capital
loan shark
loan translation
lobby correspondent
lobster pot
loc. cit.
local anaesthetic
local anesthetic
local area network
local authority
local call
local color
local colour
local derby
local government
local radio
local time
Loch Ness monster
lock away;
lock in;
lock in on;
lock into;
lock keeper
lock on;
lock onto;
lock out;
lock out of;
lock up;
locker room
lodging house
loft bed
log book
log cabin
log in;
log off;
log on;
log out;
logic bomb
logic circuit
logic gate
logical positivism
logistics management
logistics network
loitering with intent
lollipop lady
lollipop man
London broil
London Eye
lone parent
lone wolf
lone-parent family
lonely hearts
long ago
long ball
long distance
long division
long drawn out
long drink
long face
long green
long haul
long johns
long jump
long jumper
long lasting
long lived
long run
long shot
long sight
long suit
long term
long underwear
long vac
long vacation
long wave
long wearing
long weekend
long-distance footpath
long-grain rice
long-hours culture
long-playing record
long-term memory
longitudinal wave
longshore drift
look after;
look ahead;
look and feel
look around;
look around for;
look askance
look at;
look back;
look back on;
look down on;
look for;
look forward to;
look in;
look in on;
look into;
look like;
look on;
look on as;
look on with;
look out;
look out for;
look over;
look round;
look round for;
look through;
look to;
look to for;
look up;
look up from;
look up to;
look upon;
looking glass
loon pants
loony bin
loony tune
loose box
loose cannon
loose change
loose cover
loose end
loose fitting
loose forward
loose head
loose off;
loose on;
loose upon;
loose-leaf binder
loosen up;
lop off;
Lord Chancellor
Lord knows
Lord Lieutenant
Lord Mayor
Lord only knows
Lord's Day
Lord's Prayer
Lord's Supper
lose out;
lose out on;
lose out to;
loss adjuster
loss adjustor
loss leader
lost and found
lost cause
lost income
lost property
lost property office
lost soul
lots of
lotus flower
lotus position
loud speaker
Louisiana Purchase
lounge about;
lounge around;
lounge bar
lounge chair
lounge lizard
lounge room
lounge suit
louse up;
love affair
love bite
love child
love handles
love interest
love letter
love life
love match
love nest
love rat
love seat
love story
love triangle
love-hate relationship
loved one
loved up
lover boy
loving cup
low beam
low blow
Low Church
Low Countries
low gear
low life
low point
low pressure
low profile
low season
low slung
low tide
low water
low water mark
low-water mark
lower case
lower chamber
lower class
lower classes
Lower East Side
lower ground floor
lower house
lower jaw
lower orders
lower school
lowest common denominator
lowest common multiple
loyalty card
lube job
luck into;
luck out;
Lucky Country
lucky dip
lug nut
luggage allowance
luggage label
luggage lockers
luggage rack
luggage tag
luggage van
lull into;
lumbar puncture
lumber jacket
lumber room
lumber with;
lump sum
lump sum payment
lump together;
lunar cycle
lunar eclipse
lunar module
lunar month
lunar year
lunatic asylum
lunatic fringe
lunch box
lunch break
lunch counter
lunch home
lunch hour
lunch lady
lunch room
lunch time
luncheon meat
luncheon voucher
lust after;
lust for;
luxuriate in;
luxury box
luxury goods
Lyme disease
lymph gland
lymph node
lymph vessel
lymphatic vessel
lynch mob
lysergic acid diethylamide
M Econ
M Ed
macadamia nut
macaroni and cheese
macaroni cheese
machine code
machine gun
machine gunner
machine language
machine shop
machine tool
machine translation
machine washable
macho man
macrame lace
mad cow disease
Madame Tussaud's
made to measure
made to order
made up
Madeira cake
Madeira wine
Madison Avenue
Madison Square Garden
magic away;
magic bullet
magic carpet
magic figure
magic lantern
Magic Marker
magic mushroom
magic number
magic realism
magic up;
magic wand
magic word
magical realism
Magistrates' Court
Magna Carta
magna cum laude
magnet school
magnetic compass
magnetic disk
magnetic field
magnetic head
magnetic media
magnetic north
magnetic pole
magnetic resonance imaging
magnetic south
magnetic storm
magnetic strip
magnetic tape
magnifying glass
magnum opus
Mahayana Buddhism
maid of honor
maid of honour
maiden aunt
maiden name
maiden over
maiden speech
maidenhair fern
maidenhair tree
mail bag
mail bomb
mail carrier
mail drop
mail form
Mail Merge
mail merge
mail off;
mail order
mail out;
mail server
mail slot
mail train
mail-order bride
mailing address
mailing list
main clause
main course
main dish
main drag
main line
main man
main road
main squeeze
Main Street
main street
main verb
mainframe computer
mains electricity
maintenance order
maintenance routine
maitre d'
maitre d'hotel
maitres d'hotel
Maj. Gen.
major general
major in;
Major league
major league
major leaguer
Major Leagues
major on;
major scale
majority leader
majority rule
majority verdict
majority whip
make a bee-line for
make a beeline for
make a mental note
make after;
make amends
make away with;
make for;
make headway
make inroads
make into;
make like;
make of;
make off;
make off with;
make out;
make over;
make over to;
make sense
make sense of
make toward;
make towards;
make up;
make up for;
make up to;
make up with;
Make-a-Wish Foundation
male bonding
male chauvinism
male chauvinist
male menopause
male organ
male-voice choir
mall rat
malt extract
malt liquor
malt vinegar
malt whiskey
malt whisky
malted milk
Maltese cross
mama's boy
mammary gland
man about town
man bag
man boob
man breasts
man flu
man Friday
man in the moon
man in the street
man management
man of God
man of letters
man of straw
man of the cloth
man of the house
man of the people
man of the world
man up;
man's man
managed care
managed health care
management accounting
management buyout
management consultancy
management consultant
managing director
managing editor
Mandarin Chinese
mandarin collar
mandarin orange
mango chutney
mango tree
mangrove tree
manic depression
manic depressive
manicure set
Manifest Destiny
manifest destiny
mano a mano
manor house
mansard roof
manta ray
manual dexterity
manual transmission
manufactured home
manuka honey
manuscript paper
Manx cat
map on;
map onto;
map out;
Maple Leaf
maple leaf
maple sugar
maple syrup
maple tree
maraschino cherry
March Madness
March of Dimes
march on;
march past
marching band
marching orders
marching season
Mardi Gras
margin of error
marginal land
Marie Celeste
Marilyn Monroe
Marine Corps
marital aid
marital status
mark as;
mark down;
mark down as;
mark off;
mark off from;
mark out;
mark out as;
mark out for;
mark up;
mark-up language
marked man
marked woman
marker pen
market cap
market capitalization
market day
market economy
market forces
market garden
market gardener
market gardening
market leader
market maker
market price
market research
market researcher
market share
market square
market test
market town
market value
marketing mix
marram grass
marriage broker
marriage bureau
marriage certificate
marriage counseling
marriage counselling
marriage counsellor
marriage counselor
marriage guidance
marriage licence
marriage license
marriage of convenience
marriage vows
married name
marrow bone
marrowfat pea
marry into;
marry off;
marry off to;
marry up;
marry up with;
marsh gas
marsh marigold
Marshal of the Royal Air Force
marshalling yard
Martha's Vineyard
martial art
martial artist
martial law
Martin Luther King Day
Martin Luther King Jr. Day
Mary Celeste
mash note
mash up;
mashed potato
mashed potatoes
masked ball
masking tape
Mason jar
mason jar
Mason-Dixon Line
mass mailing
mass market
mass media
mass murder
mass murderer
mass noun
mass number
mass production
mass transit
massage parlor
massage parlour
master bedroom
master class
master key
Master of Arts
master of ceremonies
Master of Philosophy
Master of Science
Master of the Rolls
master plan
master sergeant
master stroke
master switch
Master's degree
master's degree
Master's Tournament
Masters Tournament
Mata Hari
match against;
match play
match point
match up;
match up to;
match up with;
match with;
matchstick figure
matchstick man
maternity leave
maternity ward
mates' rate
matinee idol
matric exemption
matron of honor
matron of honour
mature age student
mature student
Maundy Thursday
max out;
maxi dress
may blossom
May bug
May Day
me time
mea culpa
meal ticket
meal time
Meals on Wheels
meals on wheels
means test
measure against;
measure off;
measure out;
measure up;
measure up to;
measuring cup
measuring jug
measuring spoon
measuring tape
meat and potatoes
meat and two veg
meat grinder
meat loaf
meat market
meat packing
mechanical drawing
mechanical engineer
mechanical pencil
med school
Medal of Freedom
Medal of Honor
medal play
media circus
media event
media studies
median strip
medical certificate
medical examination
medical examiner
medical hall
medical officer
medical practitioner
medical school
medicine ball
medicine cabinet
medicine chest
medicine dropper
medicine man
meditate on;
meditate upon;
medium dry
medium of exchange
medium rare
medium size
medium term
medium wave
medulla oblongata
medullae oblongatae
meet and greet
meet up;
meet up with;
meet with;
meeting ground
meeting house
meeting place
meeting point
Megan's Law
melba toast
Melbourne Cup
mellow out;
melt away;
melt down;
melt into;
melting point
melting pot
Member of Congress
Member of Parliament
memento mori
Memorial Day
memory bank
memory card
memory chip
memory lane
Memory Stick
memory stick
men Friday
men's room
men's wear
menage a trois
menages a trois
menstrual cycle
menstrual period
mental age
mental arithmetic
mental block
mental cruelty
mental handicap
mental health
mental home
mental hospital
mental illness
mental note
mental retardation
mentally handicapped
menu bar
menu option
meow meow
mercantile marine
Mercator projection
mercerized cotton
merchant account
merchant bank
merchant banker
merchant banking
merchant marine
merchant navy
merchant seaman
merchant ship
mercy killing
mercy mission
Merry Christmas
mesquite tree
mess about;
mess about with;
mess around;
mess around with;
mess hall
mess up;
mess with;
message board
message code authentication
messed up
messenger boy
Met Office
metal detector
metal fatigue
metaphysical poets
mete out;
mete out to;
meter maid
method acting
method actor
methyl alcohol
methylated spirit
methylated spirits
metric system
metric ton
metric tonne
Metropolitan Police
mews house
Mexican jumping bean
Mexican stand-off
Mexican wave
miaow miaow
Michael Jordan
Michaelmas daisy
Michelin Man
Michelin man
Mickey Finn
Mickey Mouse
microwave oven
mid-Atlantic states
Midas touch
middle age
middle aged
Middle Ages
Middle America
Middle American
Middle Atlantic
middle C
middle class
middle distance
middle ear
Middle East
Middle Eastern
Middle Easterner
Middle England
Middle English
middle finger
middle ground
middle management
middle manager
middle name
middle school
middle way
Middle West
middle-age spread
middle-aged spread
midi system
midlife crisis
midnight blue
midnight feast
midnight sun
Midsummer Day
Midsummer's Day
midterm break
mielie meal
might as well
migrant worker
mike up;
milch cow
mild steel
mileage allowance
Military Academy
military academy
military band
Military Cross
military honours
military police
military policeman
military service
militate against;
milk bar
milk chocolate
milk churn
milk cow
milk float
Milk of Magnesia
Milk of magnesia
milk of magnesia
milk powder
milk product
milk pudding
milk round
milk run
milk shake
milk teeth
milk tooth
milk white
milking machine
milking parlor
milking parlour
Milky Way
mill about;
mill around;
mill wheel
Mills and Boon
mime artist
mince pie
mind blowing
mind boggling
mind game
mind out;
mind out for;
mind reader
mind reading
mind's eye
mine detector
mine dump
mineral oil
mineral water
minestrone soup
mini system
Mini Van
miniature golf
minimal pair
minimum security prison
minimum wage
Minister of State
minister of state
minister to;
Ministry of Justice
minke whale
minor in;
Minor league
minor league
minor leaguer
minority government
minority group
minority leader
minority report
mint jelly
mint julep
mint sauce
minus sign
minute hand
minute steak
miracle play
miracle worker
Miranda Rights
Miranda rights
Miranda warning
mired down
mirror image
mirror site
miscarriage of justice
mise en scene
misery guts
misery memoir
miss out;
missel thrush
missing link
missing person
mission control
mission creep
mission statement
missionary position
missionary zeal
mist over;
mist up;
mistake for;
mistaken identity
mistle thrush
mistress of ceremonies
miter joint
mitre joint
mix in;
mix in with;
mix into;
mix to;
mix up;
mix up with;
mixed ability
mixed bag
mixed blessing
mixed doubles
mixed drink
mixed economy
mixed farming
mixed feelings
mixed grill
mixed marriage
mixed martial arts
mixed media
mixed message
mixed metaphor
mixed number
mixed race
mixed up
mixer faucet
mixer tap
mixing bowl
mixing desk
MMR vaccine
moaning minnie
mob cap
mob rule
mob scene
mobile device
mobile home
mobile library
mobile number
mobile phone
Mobius strip
mock turtleneck
mock up;
mod cons
modal auxiliary
modal auxiliary verb
modal verb
model after;
model home
model on;
model upon;
model village
modern dance
modern English
modern jazz
modern language
modi operandi
modified American plan
modus operandi
modus vivendi
Moebius strip
molar tooth
molder away;
molecular biologist
molecular biology
molecular weight
Molotov cocktail
moment of truth
mommy track
Mona Lisa
monarch butterfly
Monday morning quarterback
Monday-morning quarterback
monetary system
money box
money laundering
money market
money order
money purchase scheme
money supply
money transfer
money-back guarantee
monkey about;
monkey around;
monkey bars
monkey business
monkey chanting
monkey in the middle
monkey nut
monkey puzzle
monkey puzzle tree
monkey suit
monkey with;
monkey wrench
monkey's wedding
Monopoly money
monosodium glutamate
monounsaturated fat
monozygotic twin
monozygous twin
Monroe Doctrine
mons pubis
mons Veneris
monster truck
Monte Carlo
Monterey Jack
Monterey jack
Monty Python
mooch about;
mooch around;
mood music
mood swing
moon about;
moon after;
moon around;
Moon Boot
moon over;
moon shot
moose milk
moot court
mop up;
mope about;
mope around;
moral compass
moral fiber
moral fibre
moral imperative
moral majority
moral support
moral victory
morale booster
morality play
moray eel
more and more
more like
more like it
more or less
more precisely
more than
morel mushroom
morning coat
morning dress
morning glory
morning person
morning prayer
morning room
morning sickness
morning star
morning suit
morning-after pill
morris dance
morris dancer
morris dancing
Morse alphabet
Morse code
morse code
mortal sin
mortar board
mortgage bond
mortice lock
mortise lock
Moses basket
mosey along;
mosh pit
mosquito net
most favored nation
most favoured nation
most of the time
mot juste
MOT test
Mother Country
mother country
Mother Earth
mother figure
mother hen
mother lode
Mother Nature
Mother of God
mother of pearl
mother ship
Mother Superior
Mother Teresa
mother tongue
mother's boy
Mother's Day
mother's milk
mother's ruin
mother-in-law apartment
mother-in-law unit
Mothering Sunday
motion picture
motion sickness
motoneuron disease
motor camp
motor car
motor court
motor home
motor inn
motor lodge
motor mower
motor neuron
motor neuron disease
motor neurone disease
motor park
motor pool
motor racing
motor scooter
motor vehicle
mots justes
motte-and-bailey castle
moulder away;
Mount Everest
mount up;
mountain ash
mountain bike
mountain biker
mountain biking
Mountain Daylight Time
mountain goat
mountain laurel
mountain lion
mountain man
mountain range
Mountain Standard Time
Mountain time
mouse button
mouse mat
mouse over;
mouse pad
mouse potato
mouth off;
mouth off about;
mouth off at;
mouth organ
mouth ulcer
mouth-to-mouth resuscitation
movable feast
move about;
move ahead;
move along;
move around;
move away;
move down;
move in;
move in on;
move in with;
move into;
move off;
move on;
move on to;
move out;
move over;
move up;
mover and shaker
movers and shakers
movie house
movie star
movie theater
movie theatre
moving part
moving picture
moving staircase
moving van
mow down;
MP3 player
Mr Big
Mr Clean
Mr Fixit
Mr Nice Guy
Mr Right
Mr Universe
Mr. Big
Mr. Charlie
Mr. Clean
Mr. Fixit
Mr. Nice Guy
Mr. Right
Mr. Universe
MRI scan
Mrs Beeton
Ms Right
Ms. Right
much of a muchness
muck about;
muck about with;
muck around;
muck around with;
muck in;
muck out;
muck up;
mucous membrane
mud bath
mud flap
mud pack
mud pie
muddle along;
muddle on;
muddle through;
muddle up;
muddled up
Muenster cheese
muffin top
mug shot
mug up;
mug up on;
mulberry tree
mull over;
mulled wine
mulligan stew
multi-level marketing
multi-storey car park
multiple birth
multiple choice
multiple sclerosis
multiple store
multiple-personality disorder
multiplex cinema
multiplication sign
multiplication table
multiuser program
mumbo jumbo
mummy's boy
Munchausen's Syndrome
Munchausen's syndrome
mung bean
Murphy bed
Murphy's Law
muscle car
muscle in;
muscle in on;
muscular dystrophy
musette bag
museum piece
mushroom cloud
mushy peas
music box
music director
music hall
music stand
music video
musical box
musical chairs
musical comedy
musical director
musical instrument
musk ox
muss up;
mustard and cress
mustard gas
mustard greens
mustard powder
muster point
muster station
muster up;
mutatis mutandis
mute button
mute swan
mutton chop whiskers
mutton chops
muttonchop whiskers
mutual company
mutual friend
mutual fund
mutually exclusive
my pleasure
myalgic encephalomyelitis
myna bird
mynah bird
mystery play
mystery shopper
mystery shopping
mystery tour
N. Mex.
naan bread
naff off;
nail bar
nail biter
nail bomb
nail brush
nail clippers
nail down;
nail down to;
nail file
nail polish
nail scissors
nail up;
nail varnish
name after;
name brand
name day
name for;
name tag
name tape
naming ceremony
nan bread
Nanaimo Bar
nancy boy
nanny goat
nanny state
napkin ring
nappy rash
narrow boat
narrow down;
narrow down to;
narrow gauge
nasal consonant
nasal vowel
Nation of Islam
nation state
national anthem
national assembly
National Assembly for Wales
national convention
national costume
National Curriculum
national curriculum
national debt
national dress
National Front
National Geographic Society
national government
national grid
National Guard
National Guardsman
National Health Service
national holiday
national income
National Insurance
national insurance
National League
national monument
National Motto
national park
national product
National Public Radio
national security
National Security Council
national service
National Socialism
National Socialist
national treasure
National Trust
Native American
Native Canadian
native place
native speaker
native title
nativity play
nativity scene
natural childbirth
natural disaster
natural gas
natural history
natural language
natural language processing
natural law
natural number
natural philosophy
natural resources
natural science
natural selection
natural wastage
nature reserve
nature strip
nature study
nature trail
nautical mile
navel orange
navigation bar
navy bean
navy blue
ne plus ultra
Neanderthal man
neap tide
Neapolitan ice cream
near by
Near East
Near Eastern
near miss
near thing
near to
near-death experience
nearly new
neat freak
necessary evil
Ned Kelly
needle exchange
negative equity
negative pole
negotiating table
Negro spiritual
negro spiritual
neighborhood watch
Neighbourhood Watch
neighbourhood watch
neither here nor there
Nelson's Column
nem con
nematode worm
nerve agent
nerve cell
nerve center
nerve centre
nerve ending
nerve gas
nervous breakdown
Nervous Nellie
nervous Nellie
Nervous Nelly
nervous Nelly
nervous system
nervous wreck
nest box
nest egg
nesting box
net curtain
net domestic product
net national product
net result
Net surfer
Net surfing
nether regions
nether world
nettle rash
network administrator
network card
network interface card
neural net
neural network
neurolinguistic programming
neutral zone
neutron bomb
neutron star
never mind
never-never land
New Age
new age
New Age music
New Age traveller
New Ager
New Agey
New Australian
new blood
new born
new boy
new broom
New Deal
New Democratic Party
new economy
New England
new face
new girl
New Labour
New Man
new man
new math
new media
new money
new moon
new penny
new potato
New Right
New Scotland Yard
new technology
New Testament
new town
new variant CJD
New Wave
new wave
New World
New Year
new year
New Year resolution
New Year's
New Year's Day
New Year's Eve
New Year's Honours
New Year's resolution
New York minute
New York Post
New Zealander
newel post
Newfoundland Time
news agency
news bulletin
news conference
news desk
news flash
news letter
news release
news ticker
news vendor
newspaper stand
next door
next door's
next of kin
next to
next to last
Nez Perce
nibble at;
nibble away at;
niche market
nick off;
nicotine gum
nicotine patch
nicotinic acid
Nielsen Ratings
nigh on
night blindness
night club
night crawler
night depository
night duty
night light
night owl
night porter
night safe
night school
night shift
night stand
night stick
night table
night time
night vision
night watch
night watchman
nightmare scenario
Nikkei average
Nikkei index
nine day wonder
nine days' wonder
Nineteen Eighty Four
nip and tuck
nip off;
Nissen hut
nitric acid
nitrogen cycle
nitrogen dioxide
nitrous oxide
nitty gritty
no claims
no comment
no doubt
no good
no hard feelings
no harm done
no kidding
no less
no less than
no longer
no man's land
no matter
no matter how
no matter what
no one
no place
no problem
no probs
no respecter of persons
no siree
no siree Bob
no spring chicken
no such luck
no sweat
no thank you
no thanks
no thanks to
no through road
no through street
no way
no wonder
no-claim bonus
no-claim discount
no-claims bonus
no-claims discount
no-fly zone
no-go area
no-man's land
no-score draw
no-win situation
No. 1
No. 10
Noah's ark
Nobel laureate
Nobel Prize
Nobel prize
noble gas
noble savage
noblesse oblige
nod off;
noise pollution
noises off
nolo contendere
nom de guerre
nom de plume
nominal group
noms de guerre
noms de plume
non compos
non compos mentis
non seq.
non sequitur
non-commissioned officer
non-contact sport
non-executive director
non-governmental organization
non-identical twin
non-specific urethritis
nonce word
noncommissioned officer
noncount noun
nondisclosure agreement
none the less
nonsense word
Nordic walking
normal distribution
Norman Conquest
Norman Rockwell
Normandy Landings
North America
North American
North Atlantic Drift
north eastern
North Korean
north of Watford
North Pole
North Sea
North Star
north western
North-South Divide
North-South divide
northeasterly wind
northerly wind
northern hemisphere
Northern Ireland Assembly
Northern Lights
northern lights
northern soul
northwesterly wind
Norway lobster
Norway rat
nose about;
nose around;
nose bag
nose bleed
nose cone
nose dive
nose into;
nose job
nose out;
nose ring
nose tackle
nosy parker
not a problem
not a whit
not at all
not bad
not be arsed
not especially
not exactly
not get a look-in
not in the least
not inconsiderable
not just yet
not my problem
not nearly
not on your nelly
not only
not quite
not really
not rocket science
not so fast
not to mention
not tonight, Josephine
notaries public
notary public
notch up;
note down;
notebook computer
notepad computer
nothing but
nothing much
Notting Hill
noughts and crosses
noun group
noun phrase
nouveau riche
nouveaux riches
nouvelle cuisine
novel food
now and then
now or never
now that
now then
now what
nowhere near
nt. wt.
nuclear capability
nuclear energy
nuclear family
nuclear fission
nuclear fuel
nuclear fusion
nuclear option
nuclear physicist
nuclear physics
nuclear pile
nuclear power
nuclear reaction
nuclear reactor
nuclear waste
nuclear weapon
nuclear winter
nucleic acid
nuisance value
null and void
null hypotheses
null hypothesis
Num Lock
Number 10
number cruncher
number crunching
number one
number plate
Number Ten
number two
numbers game
numeric keypad
numero uno
nurse practitioner
nurse's aide
nursery nurse
nursery rhyme
nursery school
nursery slope
nursing aid
nursing auxiliary
nursing bottle
nursing home
nut case
nut cutlet
nut out;
O grade
O level
oak apple
oak tree
oast house
object code
object language
object lesson
objective lens
objet d'art
objets d'art
oblique angle
oblique stroke
observation car
observation post
obsessive compulsive disorder
obsessive-compulsive disorder
obstacle course
obstacle race
obtuse angle
occasional table
occupational hazard
occupational health
occupational pension
occupational therapist
occupational therapy
occur to;
ocean trench
octane number
octane rating
octopus pants
octopus trousers
odd jobs
odd-job man
odds and ends
odds and sods
odds on
Oedipus complex
of course
of course not
of yesteryear
of yore
off air
off and on
off balance
off base
off beam
off chance
off day
off kilter
off label
off limits
off of
off season
off the danger list
off the record
off topic
off white
off year
off-road vehicle
off-street parking
offender profile
offer price
offer up;
office block
office boy
office building
office girl
office holder
office hours
office party
office worker
official receiver
official secret
Official Secrets Act
oh boy
oh yeah
oil cake
oil color
oil colour
oil field
oil man
oil paint
oil painting
oil pan
oil platform
oil rig
oil slick
oil tanker
oil well
oil-seed rape
oilseed rape
OK Corral
okey doke
okey dokey
old age
old age pension
old age pensioner
old age security
old bag
Old Bailey
old bat
Old Bill
old boy
old boy network
old buffer
old country
old dear
old economy
Old English
Old English sheepdog
Old Faithful
old fart
old flame
old fogey
old fogy
old folk
Old Girl
old girl
Old Glory
old growth
old guard
old hand
old hat
old lady
old lag
old maid
old man
Old Master
old master
old money
Old Nick
old people's home
old salt
old school
old school tie
Old South
old stager
old talk
Old Testament
old wives' tale
old woman
Old World
old-age pension
old-age pensioner
old-boy network
olde worlde
olive branch
olive drab
olive green
olive grove
olive oil
olive tree
Olympic Games
Omega-3 fatty acid
on a knife edge
on a knife-edge
on a need-to-know basis
on a roll
on a shoestring
on account of
on all fours
on and off
on and on
on behalf of
on demand
on edge
on fire
on hand
on her own
on high
on his own
on hold
on horseback
on my own
on occasion
on our own
on purpose
on sale
on second thought
on special
on sufferance
on tenterhooks
on the back burner
on the backburner
on the contrary
on the firing line
on the fritz
on the front burner
on the half shell
on the house
on the hustings
on the lam
on the level
on the never-never
on the off chance
on the off-chance
on the one hand
on the other hand
on the q.t.
on the qui vive
on the razzle
on the spot
on the surface
on the warpath
on the way
on the whole
on their own
on time
on to
on top
on your own
on your Pat Malone
on your tod
on-again, off-again
once again
once and for all
once in a while
once more
once too often
once upon a time
one after another
one and only
one another
one by one
one day
one helluva
one of a kind
one of these days
one or two
one thing after another
one up
one way or the other
one's self
one-armed bandit
one-hit wonder
one-horse race
one-horse town
one-man band
one-night stand
one-parent family
one-piece swimsuit
one-track mind
one-trick pony
one-two punch
one-way mirror
onion ring
onion-skin paper
onionskin paper
online banking
online dating
only child
only children
only if
oodles of
op art
op cit:
op shop
op-ed page
op. cit.
open admission
open adoption
open air
open bar
open book
open classroom
open day
open door
open enrollment
open fire
open fireplace
open for;
open house
open into;
open invitation
open letter
open line
open market
open marriage
open mic
open mike
open mind
open onto;
open out;
open out to;
open Pandora's box
open pit
open primary
open prison
open question
open sandwich
open season
open secret
open sesame
open shop
open slather
open source
open space
open syllable
open system
open to;
Open University
open up;
open verdict
open vowel
open water
open-and-shut case
open-door policy
open-face sandwich
open-faced sandwich
open-heart surgery
opening hours
opening line
opening night
opening time
opening up
opera glasses
opera house
operating costs
operating profit
operating room
operating system
operating table
operating theater
operating theatre
operation code
operational research
operations research
operations room
ophthalmic optician
opinion former
opinion maker
opinion poll
opportunity cost
opportunity shop
opposite angles
opposite number
opposite sex
opt in;
opt in to;
opt into;
opt out;
opt out of;
optic nerve
optical character recognition
optical disc
optical disk
optical fiber
optical fibre
optical illusion
optical pen
or else
or otherwise
or so
or somebody
or something
or somewhere
or what
oral contraceptive
oral historian
oral history
oral sex
oral surgeon
orange blossom
Orange Bowl
Orange Order
Orange Prize
orange soda
orange squash
orange tree
orbital road
orchestra pit
orchestra stalls
order about;
order around;
order book
order form
order in;
order of business
order of magnitude
order of the day
order off;
order out;
Order Paper
order paper
order up;
ordinal number
ordinary grade
Ordinary level
ordinary level
ordinary seaman
ordinary share
Ordnance Survey
Ordnance Survey map
ordnance survey map
organ grinder
organ loft
organic chemistry
organised crime
organization chart
organized crime
oriel window
Oriental rug
original sin
Orthodox Church
Orthodox church
orthodox medicine
other half
Other Side
other than
other woman
ought to
oughtn't to
Ouija board
ouija board
Our Father
Our Lady
Our Lord
out box
out loud
out of
out of control
out of court
out of date
out of doors
out of earshot
out of hand
out of kilter
out of kilter with
out of line
out of luck
out of order
out of place
out of practice
out of sync
out of synch
out of the blue
out of the question
out of the way
out of touch
out of turn
out of work
out the wazoo
out tray
out-of-body experience
out-of-pocket expenses
outboard engine
outboard motor
outer belt
outer ear
outer ring
outer space
outlet mall
outlet store
outside broadcast
outside lane
outside of
outside the purview of
outside world
outstation cheque
Outward Bound
outward bound
Outward Bound Trust
Oval Office
oven glove
oven mitt
over again
over and over
over and over again
over easy
over here
over the counter
over there
over-egg the pudding
overall majority
overegg the pudding
overflow pipe
overhead locker
overhead projector
overhead transparency
overly long
overly much
overnight bag
overtaking lane
owing to
own brand
own goal
own label
own up;
own up to;
oxbow lake
oxford cloth
Oxford shirt
Oxford shoe
Oxford Street
oxygen bar
oxygen mask
oxygen tank
oxygen tent
oy vey
oyster bed
oyster cracker
oyster mushroom
oyster sauce
oysters Rockefeller
ozone hole
ozone layer
Ozzie and Harriet
p and p:
p. and h.
P. and L.
p. and l.
p. and p.
P.O. Box
P/E ratio
PA system
pace bowler
pace off;
pace out;
Pacific Daylight Time
Pacific Ocean
Pacific Rim
Pacific Standard Time
Pacific time
pack animal
pack away;
pack horse
pack ice
pack in;
pack into;
pack off;
pack off to;
pack out;
pack rat
pack saddle
pack up;
package deal
package holiday
package store
package tour
packed lunch
packed out
packed up
packet switching
packing box
packing case
packing crate
packing house
packing material
pad out;
pad Thai
pad thai
padded cell
paddle boat
paddle steamer
paddle wheel
paddle wheeler
paddling pool
paddy field
paddy wagon
paedophile ring
page boy
page break
page down;
page printer
page protection
page setup
Page Three girl
page through;
page up;
page view
page-three girl
paid up
paid-up member
pain barrier
paint brush
paint chip
paint out;
paint over;
paint program
paint stripper
paint thinner
Painted Desert
painted lady
painter and decorator
painter's pants
pair off;
pair off with;
pair up;
pair up with;
pajama party
pak choi
pal around;
pal around with;
pal up;
pal up with;
palace coup
palace guard
Palace of Westminster
palace revolution
palais de dance
palazzo pants
pale ale
pale imitation
palette knife
Palm Beach
palm computer
palm off;
palm off as;
palm off on;
palm off onto;
palm off with;
palm oil
palm reader
Palm Springs
Palm Sunday
palm tree
palmtop computer
pampas grass
pan out;
pan pipes
pan scourer
Pan-American Games
Panama hat
panama hat
Pancake Day
pancake landing
pancake race
pancake roll
Pancake Tuesday
pancreatic duct
pancreatic juice
panda car
pander to;
Pandora's box
panel beater
panel game
panel truck
panel van
panic attack
panic button
panic buying
panic into;
panic room
panic selling
panic stations
pant after;
pant for;
pantie girdle
pantomime dame
pantomime horse
pants suit
panty girdle
panty hose
panty line
panty liner
Pap smear
pap smear
Pap test
pap test
papal infallibility
paper boy
paper chase
paper clip
paper cutter
paper doll
paper girl
paper knife
paper money
paper over;
paper plate
paper profit
paper pusher
paper round
paper route
paper shop
paper thin
paper tiger
paper towel
paper trail
papier mache
par excellence
par value
parachute in;
parade ground
paradigm shift
paraffin oil
paraffin wax
parallel bars
parallel circuit
parallel imports
parallel line
parallel of latitude
parallel park
parallel parking
parallel port
parallel processing
parallel ruler
Paralympic Games
parcel bomb
parcel off;
parcel out;
parcel post
parcel up;
parched rice
pardon me
parent company
Parent-Teacher Association
parent-teacher association
Parent-Teacher Organization
parent-teacher organization
parental control
parental controls
parental leave
parental lock
paring knife
parish church
parish clerk
parish council
parish pump
parish register
park and ride
Park Avenue
park keeper
park ranger
park up;
parking brake
parking garage
parking light
parking lot
parking meter
parking ticket
Parkinson's disease
Parkinson's Law
Parkinson's law
parlay into;
parliamentary private secretary
parliamentary privilege
parliamentary secretary
parliamentary undersecretary
parlor car
parlor game
parlour game
Parmesan cheese
parochial school
parson's nose
part exchange
part of speech
part time
part way
part with;
partake of;
partially sighted
particle accelerator
particle physics
parting shot
partition off;
partner up;
party animal
party bag
party down;
party faithful
party favor
party line
party piece
party plan
party planner
party political
party political broadcast
party politics
party pooper
party popper
party school
party spirit
party wall
pas de deux
pass around;
pass as;
pass away;
pass by;
pass degree
pass down;
pass for;
pass in;
pass into;
pass key
pass mark
pass off;
pass off as;
pass on;
pass on to;
pass out;
pass out of;
pass over;
pass play
pass rate
pass round;
pass through;
pass up;
passenger car
passenger manifest
passenger seat
passenger train
passing lane
passing mark
passing play
passing shot
passion flower
passion fruit
Passion play
passion play
passive resistance
passive smoking
passive voice
passport control
passport photo
password protection
past continuous
past master
past participle
past perfect
past perfect tense
past progressive
past simple
past tense
pastoral farming
pastry chef
pastry cook
pat down;
Pat Malone
pat. pend.
patch pocket
patch through;
patch through to;
patch together;
patch up;
patchwork quilt
pate de foie gras
patent leather
patent medicine
paternity case
paternity leave
paternity suit
paternity test
pathetic fallacy
patience of Job
patio door
patrol car
patrol officer
patrol wagon
patron saint
pattern after;
pattern on;
Paul Bunyan
pause button
pave over;
pavement artist
pavement cafe
paving slab
paving stone
pawn off;
pawn off as;
pawn shop
pay and display
pay as you earn
pay as you go
pay back;
pay back for;
pay back to;
pay bed
pay channel
pay cheque
pay claim
pay day
pay dirt
pay down;
pay envelope
pay in;
pay into;
pay lip service
pay off;
pay out;
pay packet
pay phone
pay raise
pay rise
pay scale
pay settlement
pay slip
pay stub
pay television
pay TV
pay up;
payback period
paying guest
paying-in slip
payment by results
payment card
payroll tax
PC card
PC Plod
PD day
PDF file
pea coat
pea green
pea jacket
pea soup
pea souper
Peace Corps
peace corps
peace dividend
peace maker
peace movement
peace offering
peace officer
peace pipe
peace process
peace sign
peace symbol
peach Melba
peach melba
peaches and cream
peachy keen
peacock blue
peak oil
peak rate
peak time
peak viewing time
peal out;
peanut butter
peanut gallery
pear tree
pearl barley
Pearl Harbor
Pearly Gates
pearly gates
pease pudding
peat bog
peat moss
pecan tree
peck at;
peck order
pecking order
pectoral fin
pedal bin
pedal boat
pedal power
pedal pushers
pedal steel
pedestrian crossing
pedestrian mall
pedestrian precinct
pee down;
peel away;
peel off;
peel out;
peep peep
peep show
Peeping Tom
peeping Tom
peer group
peer group pressure
peer of the realm
peer pressure
peer review
peg away;
peg away at;
peg back;
peg leg
peg out;
pelican crossing
pelvic floor
pen and ink
pen cap
pen computer
pen drive
pen friend
pen in;
pen lid
pen name
pen pal
pen pusher
pen up;
penal code
penal colony
penal servitude
penal settlement
penalty area
penalty box
penalty kick
penalty point
penalty rates
penalty shoot-out
penalty shootout
penalty shot
penalty spot
pencil case
pencil in;
pencil moustache
pencil pusher
pencil sharpener
pencil skirt
Pennsylvania Dutch
penny arcade
penny black
penny candy
penny farthing
penny loafer
penny pincher
penny pinching
penny shares
penny stock
penny whistle
penny-wise and pound-foolish
pension book
pension fund
pension off;
pension plan
pension scheme
pent up
people carrier
people mover
people person
people skills
people smuggling
people trafficking
pep pill
pep rally
pep talk
pep up;
pepper mill
pepper pot
pepper shaker
pepper spray
pepper with;
peppercorn rent
peptic ulcer
per annum
per calendar month
per capita
per cent
per diem
per se
percentage point
percussion instrument
percussion section
peregrine falcon
perfect game
perfect participle
perfect pitch
perfect storm
perfect tense
performance appraisal
performance art
performance artist
performance review
performance-related pay
performing arts
period pain
period piece
periodic table
perk up;
permanent press
permanent resident
Permanent Resident Card
Permanent Secretary
permanent secretary
Permanent Undersecretary
permanent wave
permissive society
permit of;
pernicious anaemia
pernicious anemia
peroxide blonde
perp walk
perpetual motion
persecution complex
Persian carpet
Persian cat
Persian Gulf
Persian rug
persistent vegetative state
persona non grata
personae non gratae
personal ad
personal allowance
personal assistant
personal best
personal check
personal cheque
personal column
personal computer
personal day
personal digital assistant
personal effects
personal exemption
personal foul
personal identification number
personal information manager
personal injury
personal organiser
personal organizer
personal pension
personal pronoun
personal property
personal shopper
personal space
personal stereo
personal trainer
personal video recorder
personal watercraft
personality clash
personality cult
personality disorder
personnel carrier
pertain to;
pester power
pet hate
pet name
pet peeve
PET scan
peter out;
Peter Pan
Peter Principle
Peters projection
petit bourgeois
petit four
petit larceny
petit mal
petit theft
petite bourgeoisie
petits fours
petits pois
Petri dish
Petrified Forest
petrol blue
petrol bomb
petrol bunk
petrol station
petrol tank
petroleum jelly
petting zoo
petty bourgeois
petty bourgeoisie
petty cash
petty crime
petty larceny
petty officer
petty theft
pharyngeal consonant
phase in;
phase out;
Phi Beta Kappa
Phillips screw
Phillips screwdriver
philosopher's stone
phone back;
phone banking
phone book
phone booth
phone box
phone call
phone card
phone hacker
phone hacking
phone in;
phone number
phone round;
phone sex
phone tag
phone tapping
phone through;
phone tree
phone up;
phoney war
phony war
phosphoric acid
photo album
photo booth
photo CD
photo finish
photo frame
photo op
photo opportunity
photo session
photo shoot
photochemical smog
photocopy machine
photoelectric cell
photofit picture
photographic memory
photovoltaic cell
phrasal verb
phrase book
phyllo dough
phyllo pastry
phys ed
phys. ed.
physical education
physical examination
physical geography
physical jerks
physical science
physical sciences
physical therapist
physical therapy
physical training
physically challenged
physician assistant
physician's assistant
physician-assisted suicide
piano accordion
piano bar
piano player
piano roll
piano stool
piano tuner
Piccadilly Circus
pick 'n' mix
pick and mix
pick apart;
pick at;
pick off;
pick on;
pick out;
pick over;
pick through;
pick up;
pick up after;
pick up on;
pick-up truck
picket fence
picket line
pickup point
pickup truck
picnic area
picnic basket
picnic hamper
picture book
picture card
picture frame
picture library
picture messaging
picture postcard
picture rail
picture show
picture tube
picture window
piddle about;
piddle around;
piddle away;
pie chart
pie crust
pie hole
pie in the sky
piece de resistance
piece of cake
piece of eight
piece of work
piece rate
piece together;
pieces de resistance
Pied Piper
pied piper
pig in a blanket
pig in the middle
pig iron
pig Latin
pig off;
pig out;
pig out on;
pig pen
pig sty
pigeon fancier
piggy bank
piggy in the middle
piggyback on;
piggyback ride
pigs in blankets
pike on;
pike out;
pilau rice
pile driver
pile in;
pile into;
pile on;
pile onto;
pile out;
pile up;
Pilgrim Fathers
pill box
pillar box
pillar-box red
pillow slip
pillow talk
pilot light
pilot officer
pilot whale
pin code
pin down;
pin down to;
pin money
PIN number
pin on;
pin prick
pin up;
pina colada
pinafore dress
pinball machine
pincer movement
pinch hit
pinch hitter
pinch off;
pinch out;
pinch ran
pinch run
pindrop silence
pine after;
pine away;
pine away for;
pine cone
pine for;
pine kernel
pine marten
pine needle
pine nut
pine tar
pine tree
pine wood
pineal gland
pink dollar
pink gin
pink pound
pink slip
pinking shears
Pinot Blanc
Pinot Grigio
Pinot Noir
pins and needles
pint pot
pinto bean
pipe band
pipe bomb
pipe cleaner
pipe down;
pipe dream
pipe fitter
pipe organ
pipe up;
pipe up with;
piped music
piping hot
pirate radio
pirate radio station
piss about;
piss around;
piss artist
piss away;
piss down;
piss off;
pissed off
pistachio nut
pit against;
pit boss
pit bull
pit bull terrier
pit pony
pit prop
pit stop
pit viper
pita bread
pitch against;
pitch and putt
pitch dark
pitch for;
pitch in;
pitch in with;
pitch into;
pitch invasion
pitch out;
pitch pine
pitch pipe
pitch shot
pitch up;
pitched battle
pith helmet
pitta bread
pituitary gland
pivot around;
pivot joint
pivot on;
pizza parlor
pizza parlour
pizza pie
place card
place kick
place mat
place name
place of worship
place setting
placebo effect
placement test
placer mining
Plaid Cymru
plain chocolate
plain clothes
plain English
plain flour
plain sailing
plain speaking
plain text
Plan A
Plan B
plan on;
plan out;
plane tree
planned economy
planned obsolescence
Planned Parenthood
planning application
planning consent
planning permission
plant out;
plant over;
plant pot
plant up;
plantar wart
plasma display
plasma screen
plasma TV
plaster cast
plaster of Paris
plaster of paris
plaster over;
plaster saint
plastic arts
plastic bullet
plastic explosive
plastic mac
plastic surgeon
plastic surgery
plastic wrap
plat du jour
plate glass
plate meal
plate tectonics
plateau out;
platform game
platform shoe
platinum blond
platinum blonde
platinum disc
platinum record
play a waiting game
play about;
play about with;
play along;
play along with;
play around;
play around with;
play at;
play away;
play back;
play back to;
play date
play down;
play footsie with
play footsy with
play group
play hookey
play hooky
play in Peoria
play into;
play off;
play off against;
play on;
play on words
play out;
play park
play school
play structure
play the race card
play to;
play up;
play up to;
play upon;
play with;
play yard
play-action pass
playback singer
played out
player piano
playing card
playing field
plea bargain
plea bargaining
pleasure boat
pleasure craft
Pledge of Allegiance
pledge your troth
plight your troth
Plimsoll line
Plimsoll mark
plod along;
plod on;
plonk down;
plop down;
plough ahead;
plough back;
plough back in;
plough back into;
plough into;
plough on;
plough on with;
plough through;
plough up;
Ploughman's lunch
ploughman's lunch
plow ahead;
plow back;
plow back in;
plow back into;
plow into;
plow on;
plow on with;
plow through;
plow up;
pluck at;
Plug and Play
plug and play
plug away;
plug away at;
plug for;
plug in;
plug into;
plug up;
plug with;
plum pudding
plum tomato
plumb bob
plumb in;
plumb line
plumber's friend
plumber's helper
plumber's snake
plump for;
plump out;
plump up;
plunge in;
plunge into;
plunge pool
plunk down;
plus ca change
plus fours
plus sign
plus size
ply with;
Plymouth Brethren
Plymouth Rock
pneumatic drill
PO Box
PO box
pock mark
pocket billiards
pocket book
pocket calculator
pocket handkerchief
pocket knife
pocket money
pocket veto
Poet Laureate
poet laureate
poetic justice
poetic licence
poetic license
poets laureate
pogo stick
point duty
point guard
point man
point of departure
point of honor
point of no return
point of order
point of presence
point of reference
point of sale
point of use
point of view
point out;
point out to;
point person
point spread
point to;
point to point protocol
point toward;
point up;
pointer finger
pointing device
poison gas
poison ivy
poison oak
poison pen letter
poison pill
poison sumac
poison-pen letter
poisoned chalice
poke about;
poke along;
poke around;
poke at;
poker face
poker machine
polar bear
Polaroid camera
Polaroid sunglasses
pole bean
pole dancer
pole dancing
pole position
Pole Star
pole vault
pole vaulter
police car
police commissioner
police constable
police department
police dog
police force
police officer
police state
police station
polish off;
polish up;
polite company
polite society
political action committee
political asylum
political correctness
political economy
political geography
political incorrectness
political prisoner
political science
political scientist
politically correct
politically incorrect
polka dot
poll tax
pollen count
pollen tube
polling booth
polling day
polling place
polling station
polo neck
polo pony
polo shirt
polo stick
polyunsaturated fat
polyvinyl chloride
pommel horse
ponce about;
ponce around;
ponce off;
pond skater
pony trekking
pony up;
Ponzi scheme
pool hall
poop deck
poop out;
poop scoop
pooped out
pooper scooper
poor boy
Poor Law
poor relation
poorly off
pootle about;
pootle along;
Pop Art
pop art
Pop artist
pop artist
pop culture
pop fly
pop group
pop music
pop off;
pop on;
pop out;
pop psychology
pop quiz
pop star
pop up;
pop-up menu
pope's nose
poppy seed
popular culture
popular etymology
popular front
popular music
popular press
popularity contest
population center
population centre
population explosion
porch swing
pore over;
pork barrel
pork belly
pork pie
pork rind
pork scratchings
porky pie
port of call
port of entry
port wine
port wine stain
Porta John
Porta Potti
portal vein
portfolio worker
portfolio working
portion out;
portmanteau word
portobello mushroom
Portuguese man-of-war
pose as;
posing pouch
position audit
position paper
positive discrimination
positive vetting
possessive pronoun
post bellum
post box
post card
post code
post exchange
post haste
post hoc
post mortem
post mortem examination
post off;
Post Office
post office
post office box
post room
post up;
Post-it note
post-mortem examination
post-natal depression
post-partum depression
post-traumatic stress disorder
post-traumatic stress syndrome
post-viral fatigue syndrome
post-viral syndrome
postage and packing
postage meter
postage stamp
postal address
postal ballot
postal code
postal order
Postal Service
postal service
postal vote
postcode lottery
poste restante
poster boy
poster child
poster girl
poster paint
Postgraduate Certificate in Education
postman's knock
Postmaster General
postmaster general
Postmasters General
postmasters general
postnatal depression
postpartum depression
postviral fatigue syndrome
postviral syndrome
pot belly
pot cheese
pot liquor
pot luck
pot on;
pot pie
pot plant
pot pourri
pot roast
pot shot
potassium iodide
potato chip
potato crisp
potato masher
potato pancake
potato peeler
potato salad
potbellied pig
potbellied stove
potbelly stove
potential energy
potluck supper
potted plant
potter about;
potter around;
potter's wheel
potting compost
potting shed
potting soil
potty chair
potty mouth
potty trained
potty training
pounce on;
pounce upon;
pound cake
pound coin
pound into;
pound key
pound note
pound out;
pound sign
pound sterling
pounds sterling
pour down;
pour into;
pour on;
pour out;
poverty level
poverty line
poverty trap
powder blue
powder keg
powder puff
powder room
powdered milk
powdered sugar
power ahead;
power base
power breakfast
power broker
power cut
power down;
power dressing
power failure
power forward
power game
power line
power lunch
power nap
power of attorney
power outage
power pack
power plant
power play
power point
power politics
power sharing
power shower
power station
power steering
power strip
power structure
power struggle
power tool
power trip
power up;
power user
power vacuum
power walk
power walking
power-assisted steering
powers of darkness
practical joke
practical joker
practical nurse
practise on;
praetorian guard
prairie dog
prairie oyster
prairie oysters
prairie schooner
prairie wolf
prawn cocktail
prawn cracker
prayer beads
prayer book
prayer mat
prayer meeting
prayer rug
prayer shawl
prayer wheel
praying mantis
precinct house
precious gem
precious metal
precious stone
precision instrument
precision tool
predatory lending
predatory pricing
predicate adjective
predictive texting
preference shares
preferred provider
preferred provider organization
preferred stock
pregnancy test
premenstrual syndrome
premenstrual tension
Premier League
premised on
premised upon
Premium Bond
premium bond
premium price
prenuptial agreement
prep school
prep time
preparatory school
preparatory to
prepositional phrase
prescription drug
presence of mind
present continuous
present day
present participle
present perfect
present simple
present tense
presentation copy
presentation software
preservation order
preside over;
Presidential Medal of Freedom
Presidents' Day
press agency
press agent
press ahead;
press ahead with;
Press Association
press baron
press box
press clipping
press conference
press corps
press cutting
press for;
press gallery
press gang
press kit
press office
press officer
press on;
press on with;
press pack
press release
press room
press secretary
press stud
press upon;
pressure cooker
pressure group
pressure hose
pressure point
pressure suit
pressure washer
presume on;
presume upon;
pretend to;
pretty boy
Pretty Good Privacy
pretty much
prevail on;
prevail upon;
prevailing wind
preventive detention
preventive medicine
previous to
prey on;
prey upon;
price control
price discrimination
price index
price point
price tag
price ticket
price war
price-earnings multiple
price-earnings ratio
prick out;
prick up;
prickly heat
prickly pear
priest's hole
prima ballerina
prima donna
prima donna-ish
prima facie
primary care
primary care physician
primary care provider
primary color
primary colour
primary election
primary health care
primary healthcare
primary industry
primary product
primary school
primary source
primary stress
prime cost
prime interest rate
prime lending rate
prime meridian
Prime Minister
prime minister
Prime Minister's Question Time
prime mover
prime number
prime rate
prime rib
prime time
primrose yellow
Primus stove
Prince Charming
prince consort
Prince of Darkness
Prince of Peace
Prince of Wales
princely sum
Princess Royal
princess royal
principal boy
principal parts
print media
print off;
print on demand
print out;
print preview
print run
print shop
print up;
printed circuit
printed circuit board
printed matter
printed word
printing press
prior to
prise from;
prise out;
prise out of;
prison camp
prison visitor
prisoner of conscience
prisoner of war
private company
private detective
private education
private enterprise
private equity
private eye
private income
private investigator
private law
private limited company
private means
private medicine
private member
Private Member's Bill
private member's bill
private parts
private patient
private practice
private school
private secretary
private sector
private showing
private soldier
private treaty
private view
private viewing
Privy Council
privy council
Privy Councillor
privy purse
privy to
prize day
prize fight
prize fighter
pro am
pro bono
pro forma
pro forma invoice
pro rata
pro shop
pro tem
pro tempore
probable cause
probate court
probation officer
problem page
proceed against;
proceed from;
process of elimination
processed cheese
procurator fiscal
procurators fiscal
prodigal son
producer goods
product liability
product line
product placement
product recall
production line
production number
professional advice
professional development
professional development day
professional foul
professional help
professional wrestling
profit and loss account
profit by;
profit centre
profit from;
profit margin
profit sharing
profit taking
profits warning
prog rock
program music
program note
programme music
programme note
programmed instruction
programmed learning
programming language
progress payment
progress report
progress to;
progressive rock
progressive tax
progressive tense
project management
project onto;
promenade concert
promenade deck
Promised Land
promised land
promissory note
pronounce against;
pronounce for;
pronounce on;
pronounce upon;
proof of purchase
prop forward
prop up;
propelling pencil
proper fraction
proper name
proper noun
property developer
property ladder
property tax
proportional representation
proprietary name
pros and cons
proscenium arch
prose poem
prosecuting attorney
prostate gland
protease inhibitor
protection money
protection racket
protective custody
protest march
protest song
protest vote
Protestant ethic
Protestant work ethic
provide against;
provide for;
provided that
providing that
proving ground
Provisional IRA
provisional licence
prowl around;
prowl car
proxy server
proxy vote
prune back;
pruning shears
Prussian blue
prussic acid
pry from;
pry out;
pry out of;
psy ops
psych ops
psych out;
psych out of;
psych up;
psych up for;
psyche out;
psyche out of;
psyche up;
psyche up for;
psychiatric hospital
psychological moment
psychological profile
psychological warfare
pub crawl
pub grub
public access
public address system
public affairs
public assistance
public bar
public body
public company
public convenience
public corporation
public defender
public domain
public enemy
public enemy number one
public enquiry
public expenditure
public figure
public footpath
public health
public holiday
public house
public image
public inquiry
public interest
public land
public library
public life
public limited company
public nuisance
public office
public opinion
public ownership
public private partnership
public property
public prosecutor
public purse
public radio
public relations
public relations exercise
public sale
public school
public sector
public servant
public service
public service broadcasting
public speaker
public speaking
public spending
public spirit
public television
public transit
public transport
public transportation
public utility
public works
public-address system
public-service announcement
publicity agent
publicity stunt
publishing house
pucker up;
pudding basin
pudding-basin haircut
Puerto Rican
puff adder
puff out;
puff pastry
puff piece
puff sleeve
puff up;
puffball skirt
puffed out
puffed sleeve
puffed up
puffer train
pug nose
Pulitzer Prize
pull ahead;
pull ahead of;
pull apart;
pull aside;
pull at;
pull away;
pull away from;
pull back;
pull date
pull down;
pull for;
pull in;
pull in to;
pull into;
pull off;
pull on;
pull out;
pull out of;
pull over;
pull round;
pull tab
pull through;
pull together;
pull up;
pull-down menu
pulled pork
pulling power
Pullman car
Pullman carriage
Pullman case
Pullman train
pulmonary artery
pulmonary vein
pumice stone
pump in;
pump into;
pump out;
pump room
pump up;
pumped up
Punch and Judy show
punch bag
punch bowl
punch card
punch drunk
punch in;
punch into;
punch line
punch out;
punch up;
Punch-and-Judy show
punched card
punching bag
punctuation mark
punk rock
punk rocker
pup tent
puppy fat
puppy love
purchase order
purchase price
purchasing power
pure and simple
Purple Heart
purple patch
purse strings
pursuant to
push about;
push ahead;
push around;
push aside;
push away;
push back;
push bike
push button
push for;
push forward;
push in;
push mail
push notification
push off;
push on;
push out;
push over;
push poll
push polling
push start
push technology
push through;
pussy willow
put a dampener on
put about;
put above;
put across;
put across as;
put across to;
put around;
put aside;
put at;
put away;
put back;
put before;
put behind;
put by;
put down;
put down as;
put down for;
put down to;
put forth;
put forward;
put in;
put in at;
put in for;
put into;
put off;
put on;
put onto;
put out;
put out for;
put out from;
put out to;
put over;
put over to;
put round;
put the frighteners on
put the kibosh on
put the mockers on
put through;
put through to;
put to;
put together;
put towards;
put under;
put up;
put up at;
put up for;
put up to;
put up with;
put upon
put your thinking cap on
put-up job
putter about;
putter around;
putting green
putz around;
puzzle out;
puzzle over;
pyjama party
pyramid scheme
pyramid selling
Pyrrhic victory
pyrrhic victory
Pythagoras' theorem
Pythagorean theorem
Q and A
QR code
quad bike
quadratic equation
quality assurance
quality circle
quality control
quality controller
quality newspaper
quality of life
quality time
quantitative easing
quantity surveyor
quantum jump
quantum leap
quantum mechanics
quantum theory
quarrel with;
quarry tile
quarter day
Quarter Horse
quarter horse
quarter hour
quarter note
quarter plate
quarter pounder
quarter sessions
quarter-acre block
quarterback sneak
Queen Anne's lace
queen bee
queen consort
Queen Mother
queen mother
Queen's Bench
Queen's Bench Division
Queen's Birthday
Queen's Counsel
Queen's English
Queen's evidence
Queen's Speech
Queensberry Rules
queer bashing
query language
question mark
question master
question tag
question time
queue up;
qui vive
quick and dirty
quick bread
quick fix
quick one
quick study
quick temper
quid pro quo
quids in
quids pro quo
quiet down;
quieten down;
quill feather
quill pen
quite a bit
quite a few
quite a lot
quite so
quiz program
quiz show
Quonset hut
quota system
quotation mark
QWERTY keyboard
R and D
R and R
rabbit ears
rabbit hutch
rabbit on;
rabbit on about;
rabbit punch
rabbit warren
race car
race card
race course
race meet
race meeting
race relations
race riot
race track
racial profiling
racing bike
racing car
racing certainty
racing driver
racing form
racing pigeon
racing start
rack rate
rack up;
radar gun
radar trap
radial tire
radial tyre
radiation sickness
radiation therapy
radical chic
radical sign
radio alarm
radio alarm clock
radio astronomy
radio button
radio carbon
radio cassette
radio telephone
radio telescope
radio wave
radio-cassette player
radioactive waste
radiocarbon dating
Rafferty's rules
raffle off;
rag doll
rag on;
rag rug
rag trade
rag-and-bone man
rage on;
Raggedy Ann
raglan sleeve
rail in;
rail off;
rail worker
railroad crossing
railroad through;
railroad tie
railroad track
railroad worker
railway line
rain barrel
rain check
rain date
rain down;
rain forest
rain gauge
rain off;
rain out;
rainbow coalition
rainbow nation
rainbow trout
rained off
rained out
rainy season
raise to;
raised ranch
raison d'etre
raisons d'etre
rake in;
rake off;
rake over;
rake through;
rake up;
rally around;
rally round;
rallying call
rallying cry
rallying point
ram into;
ramble on;
ramp up;
ranch dressing
ranch house
ranch-style house
random access
random access memory
random breath test
random-access memory
range against;
range cooker
range over;
range with;
Ranger Guide
rank and file
rank correlation
rank outsider
rap out;
rap session
rap sheet
rapid eye movement sleep
Rapid Reaction Force
rapid transit
rapid transit system
rare bird
rare earth
rare earth element
rare gas
rat on;
rat out;
rat out to;
Rat Pack
rat pack
rat race
rat run
ratchet down;
ratchet up;
rate cap
rate of exchange
rate of return
rateable value
rates of exchange
rates of return
rather than
ration out;
rational number
rattan palm
rattle around;
rattle off;
rattle on;
rattle on about;
rattle out;
rattle through;
rattle up;
rave review
ravel out;
raw bar
raw deal
raw material
raw materials
raw sienna
Ray Ban
ray gun
razor blade
razor knife
razor wire
reach for;
reach out;
reach out to;
reach saturation point
react against;
read back;
read for;
read into;
read off;
read on;
read out;
read over;
read through;
read up;
read up about;
read up on;
read-only memory
Reader's Digest
reading age
reading glasses
reading group
reading knowledge
reading lamp
reading list
reading room
README file
ready cash
ready meal
ready money
real ale
real deal
real estate
real estate agency
real estate agent
real estate broker
real life
real McCoy
real number
real property
real tennis
real thing
real time
real world
real-time authorization
reality check
reality TV
ream out;
Rear Admiral
rear admiral
rear end
rear guard
rear light
rear on;
rear up;
rear-view mirror
rear-wheel drive
rearguard action
rearview mirror
reason out;
reason with;
rec room
receding hairline
Received Pronunciation
received pronunciation
receiving line
reception center
reception centre
reception class
reception room
reciprocal link
reciprocal verb
reckless driving
reckon on;
reckon up;
reckon with;
reckon without;
recliner chair
reclining chair
reclining seat
recommended daily allowance
reconcile to;
record book
record breaker
record deck
record holder
record label
record player
record sleeve
recorded delivery
recording engineer
recovery position
recovery room
recovery vehicle
recreation center
recreation ground
recreation room
recreational drug
recreational vehicle
recruitment consultant
recurring decimal
recurring number
recycle bin
red admiral
red alert
Red Army
red blood cell
red box
red cabbage
red card
red carpet
red cell
red cent
red corpuscle
Red Crescent
Red Cross
red currant
red deer
red dwarf
red flag
red giant
red herring
Red Indian
red ink
red light
red line
red meat
red packet
red panda
red pepper
red tape
red wine
red zone
red-carpet welcome
red-eye flight
red-letter day
red-light district
red-tailed hawk
redial button
redound to;
reduce from to;
reduce to;
reduced circumstances
reduced time
reductio ad absurdum
redundancy pay
redundancy payment
reed bed
reed instrument
reef knot
reefer coat
reefer jacket
reel in;
reel off;
reel out;
refer to;
refer to as;
referee's assistant
reference book
reference library
reference point
reflect on;
reflected glory
reflected ray
reflex action
reflex angle
reflexive pronoun
reform school
reformed character
refractive index
refresher course
refried beans
refugee camp
refuse collector
refuse dump
regale with;
regardless of
regenerative medicine
regime change
register office
registered mail
registered nurse
registered office
registered post
registered trademark
registration book
registration document
registration number
registration plate
registry office
regius professor
regressive tax
rehearsal dinner
reign of terror
rein back;
rein in;
reinforced concrete
Reith Lectures
reject shop
rejoice in;
relate to;
relating to
relational database
relative atomic mass
relative clause
relative density
relative humidity
relative molecular mass
relative pronoun
relay race
relief map
relief pitcher
relief road
relief teacher
relieve of;
religious school
relocation expenses
rely on;
rely upon;
REM sleep
remand centre
Remembrance Day
Remembrance Sunday
remind of;
remit to;
remote access
remote control
remote sensing
removal man
removal van
Renaissance man
renaissance man
Renaissance woman
render down;
rent book
rent boy
rent control
rent out;
rent strike
repair to;
repayment mortgage
repeat fees
repeat offender
repeat on;
repeat prescription
repertory company
repetitive strain injury
replacement value
repo man
report back;
report back on;
report back on to;
report back to;
report card
report in;
report structure
report to;
reported clause
reported question
reported speech
repossession order
reproduction furniture
reproductive cloning
Republican Party
repurchase agreement
request stop
requiem mass
research and development
research fellow
research park
reservation policy
reserve currency
reserve price
reset button
reside in;
reside with;
residence hall
resident alien
residential care
residents' association
resigned to
resolve into;
resonate with;
resort hotel
resort to;
respiratory system
respite care
response time
rest area
rest assured
rest cure
rest home
rest on;
rest room
rest stop
rest up;
rest upon;
rest with;
restaurant car
resting place
restorative justice
restraining order
restraint of trade
restricted articles
restricted fare
restrictive practice
restrictive relative clause
restrictive trade practice
result in;
retail park
retail price index
retail therapy
retaining wall
retirement community
retirement home
retirement plan
retiring room
retort stand
return address
return game
return key
return mail
return match
return ticket
return to;
return visit
returning officer
Reuben sandwich
rev counter
rev up;
revealed religion
revel in;
Revenue and Customs
revenue stream
Reverend Mother
reverse charge call
reverse discrimination
reverse engineer
reverse engineering
reverse gear
reverse light
reverse mortgage
reverse psychology
reverse video
reverse-charge call
reversing light
revert to;
review board
reviewing stand
revival meeting
revolve around;
revolve round;
revolving door
revolving door syndrome
revolving fund
revved up
rewind button
Rh factor
RH negative
RH positive
Rhesus factor
rhesus factor
rhesus monkey
Rhesus negative
rhesus negative
Rhesus positive
rhesus positive
rhetorical question
rheumatic fever
rheumatoid arthritis
Rhodes scholar
Rhodes Scholarship
rhyming slang
rhythm and blues
rhythm guitar
rhythm method
rhythm section
rib cage
rib eye
rib-eye steak
rib-ticklingly funny
ribbon development
ribbon lake
ribonucleic acid
rice paddy
rice paper
rice pudding
rich email
rich text
Richter scale
rid of;
ride on;
ride on coat-tails
ride out;
ride roughshod over
ride up;
ridge tent
riding crop
riding school
rife with
riffle through;
rifle range
rifle through;
rift valley
rig out;
rig out in;
rig out with;
rig up;
Rig Veda
right and left
right angle
right away
right brain
right field
right fielder
right hand
Right Honourable
right now
right of abode
right of appeal
right of way
right oh
right on
Right Reverend
right side out
right side up
right to life
right triangle
right wing
right-angled triangle
right-click on;
right-hand drive
right-hand man
rights issue
rigor mortis
rigors of
rigours of
ring around;
ring around the rosy
ring back;
ring bearer
ring binder
ring circuit
ring fence
ring finger
ring in;
ring main
ring off;
ring out;
ring pull
ring road
ring round;
ring spanner
ring through;
ring tone
ring toss
ring up;
ring-a-ring o' roses
rinse out;
riot gear
riot police
riot shield
rip apart;
rip at;
rip cord
rip current
rip into;
rip into for;
rip into with;
rip off;
rip through;
rip up;
Rip Van Winkle
ripple effect
rise above;
rise to;
rise up;
rising damp
rising star
risk assessment
risk factor
risk management
rite of passage
river bank
river basin
river bed
river blindness
road block
road fund license
road hog
road kill
road manager
road map
road movie
road pricing
road racing
road rage
road sense
road show
road sign
road tax
road test
road to Damascus
road toll
road train
road trip
road warrior
roaring forties
Roaring Twenties
roaring twenties
roasting hot
rob Peter to pay Paul
robber baron
Robin Hood
robin redbreast
rock 'n' roll
rock 'n' roller
rock and roll
rock and roller
rock bottom
rock bun
rock cake
rock candy
rock chick
rock climb
rock climber
rock climbing
rock crystal
rock face
rock garden
rock hard
rock music
Rock of Gibraltar
rock pool
rock salt
rock solid
rock steady
rock up;
rocker switch
rocket launcher
rocket science
rocket scientist
rocket ship
rocking chair
rocking horse
Rocky Mountain States
Rodgers and Hammerstein
roe deer
Roe v Wade
Roe vs. Wade
rogan josh
rogue site
rogue state
rogue trader
rogues' gallery
role model
role play
role reversal
role-playing game
roll about;
roll around;
roll back;
roll bar
roll call
roll down;
roll in;
roll neck
roll of honour
roll on;
roll out;
roll out the red carpet
roll over;
roll up;
roll-on roll-off
roll-top desk
rolled gold
rolled oats
roller blind
roller coaster
Roller Derby
roller derby
roller rink
roller skate
roller skater
roller skating
roller towel
rolling contract
rolling mill
rolling pin
rolling stock
rolltop desk
roly-poly pudding
rom com
roman a clef
Roman alphabet
Roman candle
Roman Catholic
Roman Catholic Church
Roman Catholicism
Roman law
Roman nose
Roman numeral
Romance language
Romano cheese
romans a clef
romp ahead;
romp away;
romp through;
romper suit
rood screen
roof box
roof garden
roof over;
roof rack
roof terrace
room and board
room heater
room service
room temperature
rooming house
root around;
root beer
root canal
root cellar
root crop
root directory
root for;
root ginger
root in;
root on;
root out;
root to;
root up;
root vegetable
rope bridge
rope in;
rope into;
rope ladder
rope off;
rope up;
Rorschach test
Rose Bowl
rose bush
rose hip
rose pink
rose water
rose window
Rosetta Stone
Rosh Hashana
Rosh Hashanah
rot away;
Rotary Club
Rotary club
rotating joint
rotator cuff
rotor blade
rotten apple
rough and ready
rough and tumble
rough cider
rough cut
rough diamond
rough in;
rough justice
rough out;
rough paper
rough sleeper
rough trade
rough up;
roulette wheel
round angle
round bracket
round down;
round off;
round on;
round out;
round robin
round table
round trip
round up;
roundhouse kick
Route 128
Route 66
route man
route map
route march
routing number
row back;
row house
rowan tree
rowing boat
rowing machine
royal "we"
royal 'we'
Royal Academy
Royal Academy of Arts
Royal Albert Hall
royal assent
royal blue
Royal Commission
royal commission
royal family
royal flush
Royal Highness
royal icing
royal jelly
Royal Mail
Royal Marines
Royal Mint
Royal Navy
royal pardon
royal prerogative
Royal Society
royal tennis
royal warrant
RSS feed
Rt Hon
Rt Hon.
Rt Revd
Rt. Hon.
Rt. Rev.
rub along;
rub along with;
rub down;
rub in;
rub off;
rub off on;
rub off onto;
rub out;
rubber band
rubber boot
rubber bullet
rubber cement
rubber check
rubber dinghy
rubber match
rubber plant
rubber raft
rubber stamp
rubber tree
rubbing alcohol
rubbish bin
Rube Goldberg
Rubik's Cube
ruby anniversary
ruby red
ruby wedding
ruby wedding anniversary
ruck up;
rug rat
Rugby football
rugby football
Rugby League
rugby league
rugby tackle
Rugby Union
rugby union
rule book
Rule Britannia
rule in;
rule of law
rule of thumb
rule off;
rule out;
rule out of;
ruling class
rumble on;
rumble seat
rumble strip
rummage sale
rumor mill
rumour mill
rump steak
rumpus room
rumpy pumpy
run across;
run afoul of
run after;
run aground
run along;
run amok
run amuck
run around;
run around after;
run around like a headless chicken
run around with;
run at;
run away;
run away from;
run away together;
run away with;
run back over;
run batted in
run by;
run down;
run in;
run into;
run of the mill
run off;
run off together;
run off with;
run on;
run out;
run out of;
run out on;
run over;
run past;
run play
run roughshod over
run round after;
run round with;
run through;
run time
run to;
run up;
run up against;
run with;
run-on sentence
runner bean
running back
running battle
running board
running commentary
running costs
running dog
running head
running joke
running jump
running light
running mate
running order
running play
running repair
running shoe
running sore
running start
running stitch
running time
running total
running water
runs batted in
rural dean
rural route
rush about;
rush around;
rush at;
rush hour
rush into;
rush job
rush out;
rush round;
rush through;
Russian doll
Russian dressing
Russian roulette
rust away;
Rust Belt
rust belt
rustle up;
rustle up for;
rye bread
rye grass
rye whisky
s and h:
S and M
S level
saber saw
saber-toothed cat
saber-toothed tiger
sabre-toothed cat
sabre-toothed tiger
sack lunch
sack out;
sack race
Sacrament of the Sick
sacred cow
sacred site
sacrifice bunt
sacrifice fly
sacrificial lamb
sad sack
saddle horse
saddle shoe
saddle sore
saddle stitch
saddle up;
saddle with;
Sadie Hawkins Day
safari holiday
safari jacket
safari park
safari suit
safe area
safe conduct
safe deposit box
safe haven
safe house
safe keeping
safe mode
safe passage
safe period
safe room
safe seat
safe sex
safe-deposit box
safer sex
safety belt
safety catch
safety curtain
safety deposit box
safety glass
safety island
safety lamp
safety match
safety measure
safety net
safety officer
safety pin
safety razor
safety valve
safety zone
safety-deposit box
safflower oil
sag off;
sage green
sail through;
sailing boat
sailing ship
sailor suit
Saint Bernard
Saint Christopher
Saint Patrick's Day
Saint Valentine's Day
saint's day
sal volatile
salad bar
salad bowl
salad cream
salad days
salad dressing
salami slicing
sale and leaseback
sale of work
Salem witch trials
sales assistant
sales clerk
sales department
sales drive
sales force
sales pitch
sales rep
sales representative
sales slip
sales talk
sales tax
sales team
salicylic acid
Salisbury steak
salivary gland
Sally Army
sally forth;
sally out;
salmon pink
saloon bar
saloon car
salt away;
salt cellar
salt flats
salt marsh
salt meadow
salt of the earth
salt shaker
salt truck
salt water
salt with;
saltine cracker
saltire cross
salvage yard
Salvation Army
salwar kameez
same here
same to you
sampling error
San Andreas Fault
sand bar
sand castle
sand dollar
sand down;
sand dune
sand fly
sand iron
sand martin
sand trap
sand wedge
sanding machine
sandwich bar
sandwich between;
sandwich board
sandwich cake
sandwich course
sandwich generation
sandwich together;
sandwich together with;
sanitary fittings
sanitary napkin
sanitary pad
sanitary protection
sanitary towel
sanitation worker
sans serif
Santa Claus
Santa Klaus
Santa's grotto
sapphire blue
Saran Wrap
Saran wrap
sash cord
sash window
sat nav
satay sauce
sated with
satellite dish
satellite state
satellite station
satellite telephone
satellite television
satellite TV
satin finish
saturated fat
saturated solution
saturation bombing
saturation coverage
saturation point
Saturday night special
Saturday-night special
sauce boat
Saudi Arabian
sausage dog
sausage link
sausage machine
sausage meat
sausage roll
sausage tree
save for
save on;
save up;
Savile Row
saving grace
savings account
savings and loan
savings and loan association
savings bank
savings bond
savings rate
savings ratio
saviour sibling
savoir faire
savor of;
savour of;
savoy cabbage
saw at;
saw down;
saw off;
saw up;
saw up into;
sawed-off shotgun
sawn-off shotgun
sax player
say uncle
say what
say when
scalding hot
scale back;
scale down;
scale up;
scalene triangle
scaly anteater
scan in;
scan into;
scandal sheet
scar over;
scarab beetle
scare away;
scare into;
scare off;
scare quotes
scare story
scare tactics
scare the daylights out of
scare the living daylights out of
scare up;
scared shitless
scarf down;
scarf up;
scarlet fever
scarlet pimpernel
scarlet woman
scatter cushion
scatter diagram
scatter rug
scavenger hunt
scenic railway
scheduled caste
scheduled flight
scheduled tribe
Schengen Agreement
Schengen agreement
Scholarship level
school age
school bag
school board
school book
school bus
school day
school dinner
school district
school friend
school governor
school kid
school leaver
school lunch
school night
school of hard knocks
School of the Air
school of thought
school refusal
school run
school spirit
school teaching
school yard
school year
school-leaving age
Schoolies Week
sciatic nerve
science fair
science fiction
science park
scientific method
scissor kick
scissors kick
scoop neck
scoop up;
scoot over;
scope out;
scorch mark
scorched earth policy
scorched-earth policy
scorching hot
score card
score draw
score off;
score out;
score sheet
score through;
Scotch bonnet
Scotch broth
Scotch egg
Scotch mist
Scotch pancake
Scotch tape
Scotch whisky
Scotland Yard
Scottish Highlands
Scottish National Party
Scottish Parliament
Scottish play
Scottish terrier
scouring pad
scout around;
Scout Association
Scout leader
scout leader
scout out;
scout round;
scouting party
Scouts Canada
scrambled eggs
scrap heap
scrap paper
scrap yard
scrape along;
scrape back;
scrape by;
scrape by on;
scrape in;
scrape into;
scrape out;
scrape through;
scrape together;
scrape up;
scratch about;
scratch about for;
scratch around;
scratch around for;
scratch card
scratch file
scratch off;
scratch out;
scratch pad
scratch paper
scratch ticket
scratching post
scream for;
scream out;
scream out for;
screech owl
Screen Actors Guild
screen door
screen dump
screen name
screen off;
screen out;
screen pass
screen print
screen saver
screen test
screw around;
screw from;
screw out of;
screw top
screw up;
screwball comedy
screwed up
scribble down;
scroll bar
scroll saw
scrub brush
scrub in;
scrub nurse
scrub off;
scrub out;
scrub room
scrub up;
scrubbing brush
scruff of the neck
scrum down;
scrum half
scrunch up;
scuba dive
scuba diver
scuba diving
Scud missile
scuff mark
Scylla and Charybdis
SD card
SDHC card
sea air
sea anemone
sea bass
sea bed
sea bird
sea bream
sea breeze
sea captain
sea change
sea chantey
sea cucumber
sea dog
sea fish
sea fret
sea green
sea gull
sea horse
sea lane
sea legs
sea level
sea lion
sea mile
sea mist
sea power
sea salt
sea serpent
sea shanty
sea shell
sea turtle
sea urchin
sea wall
sea water
seal in;
seal of approval
seal off;
seal up;
sealing wax
search and rescue
search directory
search engine
search me
search out;
search party
search warrant
season premiere
season ticket
season's greetings
seasonal affective disorder
seat belt
seat of learning
seat pitch
seat sale
seats of learning
sebaceous gland
second banana
second base
second baseman
second best
second chamber
second childhood
second class
Second Coming
second coming
second cousin
second degree
second floor
second gear
second hand
second home
second honeymoon
second in command
second language
second language acquisition
second lieutenant
Second Life
second name
second nature
second opinion
second person
second sight
second string
second stringer
second thought
second violin
second wind
Second World War
second-class degree
second-degree burn
second-hand smoke
second-language acquisition
second-story man
secondary color
secondary colour
secondary education
secondary industry
secondary modern
secondary picketing
secondary school
secondary source
secondary stress
secondhand smoke
secret admirer
secret agent
secret ballot
secret police
Secret Service
secret service
secret shopper
secret society
secret weapon
secretaries general
Secretary General
secretary general
Secretary of State
Section Eight
section off;
secular humanism
secular humanist
secure server
secure unit
security blanket
security camera
security clearance
Security Council
security deposit
security guard
security risk
Security Service
security service
sedan chair
sedimentation tank
see about;
see after;
see around;
see in;
see off;
see out;
see over;
see round;
see through;
see to;
see you later
seed cake
seed capital
seed coat
seed corn
seed money
seed pearl
seed potato
seeing as
seeing as how
Seeing Eye
Seeing Eye Dog
Seeing Eye dog
seeing eye dog
seeing that
seeing-eye dog
seek out;
seep away;
seine net
seize on;
seize up;
seize upon;
select committee
selection committee
selective service
self belief
self-addressed envelope
self-fulfilling prophecy
self-raising flour
self-rising flour
sell like hot cakes
sell off;
sell on;
sell out;
sell out to;
sell up;
sell-by date
seller's market
selling point
selling price
seltzer water
semantic field
semi-skilled worker
semi-skimmed milk
semicircular canal
semiskilled worker
semisweet chocolate
send away;
send away for;
send away to;
send back;
send down;
send for;
send forth;
send in;
send off;
send off for;
send on;
send out;
send out for;
send up;
senile dementia
senior citizen
senior common room
senior high
senior high school
senior moment
senior nursing officer
senior statesman
sense of direction
sense of humor
sense of humour
sense of occasion
sense organ
sentence adverb
sentence fragment
sentry box
separate from;
separate off;
separate out;
separate school
separation anxiety
separation of powers
septic tank
sequence of tenses
sequential access
sergeant at arms
sergeant major
sergeants major
serial killer
serial monogamy
serial number
serial port
series circuit
serjeant at arms
serve out;
serve up;
server farm
service area
service centre
service charge
service club
service contract
service industry
service line
service mark
service provider
service road
service station
session musician
set about;
set against;
set apart;
set apart for;
set apart from;
set aside;
set back;
set back from;
set book
set down;
set forth;
set forward;
set in;
set into;
set off;
set off against;
set on;
set out;
set phrase
set piece
set point
set square
set text
set to;
set up;
set up as;
set up in;
set upon;
set-top box
settle down;
settle down to;
settle for;
settle in;
settle into;
settle on;
settle to;
settle up;
settle upon;
settlement house
setup program
seven seas
Seven Sisters
seven-year itch
Seventh Day Adventist
seventh heaven
Seventh-Day Adventist
severance pay
Seville orange
sew up;
sewage disposal works
sewage farm
sewage plant
sewage treatment plant
sewage treatment works
sewage works
sewer grate
sewing machine
sex act
sex aid
sex appeal
sex change
sex chromosome
sex drive
sex education
sex gland
sex goddess
sex industry
sex kitten
sex life
sex maniac
sex object
sex offender
sex organ
sex shop
sex symbol
sex therapist
sex therapy
sex tourism
sex toy
sex typing
sex up;
sex worker
sexual abuse
sexual harassment
sexual intercourse
sexual orientation
sexual politics
sexual preference
sexual reproduction
sexual revolution
sexually transmitted disease
sexually transmitted illness
sexually transmitted infection
shabby chic
shack up;
shack up with;
shade in;
shade into;
shade tree
shadow boxing
Shadow Cabinet
shadow puppet
shagged out
shaggy dog story
shaggy-dog story
shake down;
shake off;
shake on;
shake out;
shake up;
shaken up
shale gas
shalwar kameez
shame into;
shammy leather
Shangri La
shanty town
shape up;
share and share alike
share capital
share in;
share index
share issue
share option
share out;
share shop
shark net
sharp end
sharp practice
sharp tongue
sharpen up;
shave off;
shaving brush
shaving cream
shaving foam
shea butter
shea tree
shear off;
sheath knife
sheep dip
sheep dog
sheer away;
sheer away from;
sheer off;
sheer off from;
sheet anchor
sheet lightning
sheet metal
sheet music
shelf life
shell company
shell game
shell out;
shell out for;
shell program
shell shock
shell suit
sheltered accommodation
sheltered housing
shepherd's pie
sheriff court
Sherlock Holmes
Shetland pony
Shetland sheepdog
shift down;
shift key
shift up;
shift work
shifting cultivation
shiitake mushroom
shin bone
shin down;
shin guard
shin pad
shin splints
shin up;
shine through;
shinny down;
shinny hockey
shinny up;
ship off;
ship out;
ship's chandler
shipping agent
shipping and handling
shipping forecast
shipping lane
shipping news
Shire Counties
Shire counties
shire horse
Shirley Temple
shirt front
shirt tail
shish kebab
shit hole
shit hot
shit on;
shit stirrer
shit stirring
shitake mushroom
shock absorber
shock horror
shock jock
shock tactic
shock therapy
shock treatment
shock troops
shock value
shock wave
shock waves
shocking pink
shoe bite
shoe tree
shoestring catch
shoestring potatoes
shoofly pie
shook up
shoot down;
shoot for;
shoot off;
shoot through;
shoot up;
shooting gallery
shooting guard
shooting match
shooting pains
shooting star
shooting stick
shooting war
shop around;
shop around for;
shop assistant
shop class
shop floor
shop front
shop steward
shop talk
shop window
shopping arcade
shopping bag
shopping basket
shopping cart
shopping center
shopping centre
shopping channel
shopping list
shopping mall
shopping precinct
shopping trolley
shore leave
shore up;
short back and sides
short circuit
short cut
short list
short message service
short message system
short of
short order
short out;
short ribs
short run
short shrift
short sight
short story
short temper
short term
short time
short wave
short-grain rice
short-line railroad
short-line railway
short-order cook
short-term memory
shortcrust pastry
shorthand typist
shot clock
shot put
shot putter
shotgun marriage
shotgun wedding
shoulder bag
shoulder blade
shoulder pad
shoulder strap
shoulder surfing
shout down;
shout out;
shouting distance
shouting match
shove around;
shove off;
shove over;
shove up;
shovel pass
show and tell
show around;
show biz
show business
show home
show house
show in;
show jumper
show jumping
show of hands
show off;
show out;
show over;
show round;
show through;
show trial
show up;
show window
shower bath
shower cap
shower gel
shredded wheat
shrimp cocktail
shrimp scampi
shrink from;
shrinking violet
shrivel up;
Shroud of Turin
Shrove Tuesday
shrug aside;
shrug away;
shrug off;
shuck off;
shudder at;
shuffle through;
shut away;
shut down;
shut in;
shut off;
shut off from;
shut out;
shut out of;
shut up;
shut up in;
shutter speed
shuttle diplomacy
shy away;
shy away from;
shy from;
SI unit
Siamese cat
Siamese twin
sibling rivalry
sic on;
sick bag
sick bay
sick building syndrome
sick day
sick headache
sick leave
sick note
sick pay
sick room
sick time
sick up;
sicken of;
sickle cell anemia
sickle-cell anaemia
sickle-cell anemia
sickle-cell disease
sickness benefit
side against;
side arm
side benefit
side by side
side dish
side drum
side effect
side issue
side mirror
side order
side plate
side road
side salad
side split
side street
side table
side view
side whiskers
side with;
side-view mirror
sidereal time
sidewalk artist
siege mentality
Sierra Club
sift out;
sift through;
sight line
sign away;
sign for;
sign in;
sign language
sign of the cross
sign of the zodiac
sign off;
sign off on;
sign on;
sign out;
sign over;
sign over to;
sign painter
sign painting
sign up;
sign up for;
sign up to;
sign with;
signal box
signal tower
signal-to-noise ratio
signature file
signature tune
signet ring
significant other
silent auction
silent film
silent letter
silent majority
silent movie
silent partner
silent treatment
silica gel
silicon chip
Silicon Valley
silicone implant
silk screen
silly billy
silly season
silt up;
silver anniversary
silver band
silver birch
silver bullet
silver dollar
silver foil
silver jubilee
silver lining
silver medal
silver medalist
silver medallist
silver paper
silver plate
silver screen
silver service
Silver Star
silver surfer
silver tongue
silver wedding
silver wedding anniversary
SIM card
simmer down;
simnel cake
Simon says
simple eye
simple fracture
simple interest
simple leaf
simple past
simple sugar
simultaneous equations
sin bin
sin tax
since time immemorial
Sincerely yours
sine die
sine qua non
sing along;
sing along to;
sing along with;
sing of;
sing out;
sing up;
single bed
single bond
single combat
single cream
single currency
single decker
single digits
single figures
single file
single honours
single malt
single market
single out;
single out as;
single out for;
single parent
single person supplement
single room
single supplement
single ticket
single transferable vote
single-parent family
singles bar
singular noun
sink in;
sink into;
sink unit
sinking feeling
sinking fund
Sinn Fein
siphon off;
sippy cup
Sir Humphrey
siren song
sirloin steak
sisal hemp
sister city
sit about;
sit around;
sit back;
sit by;
sit down;
sit for;
sit in;
sit in for;
sit in on;
sit on;
sit out;
sit through;
sit up;
sit-down strike
site map
sitting duck
sitting member
sitting room
sitting target
sitting tenant
situation comedy
Situations Vacant
situations vacant
sitz bath
Six Counties
Six Nations
six-yard box
sixteenth note
sixth form
sixth form college
sixth former
sixth sense
sixth-form college
sixty-four thousand dollar question
size up;
size zero
sizzling hot
skate around;
skate over;
skate park
skate shoe
skating rink
skeet shooting
skeleton crew
skeleton key
skeleton service
skeleton staff
sketch in;
sketch out;
sketch pad
ski boot
ski jump
ski jumper
ski jumping
ski lift
ski mask
ski pants
ski pole
ski run
ski slope
ski stick
ski tow
skid marks
Skid Row
skid row
skill set
skills shortage
skim milk
skim off;
skimmed milk
skin care
skin deep
skin diver
skin diving
skin flick
skin graft
skin up;
skinny dip
skip off;
skip out;
skip rope
skirting board
skive off;
skivvy shirt
skull and crossbones
skull cap
skunk cabbage
sky blue
sky diver
sky diving
sky line
sky marshal
sky surfing
slack off;
slack off on;
slacken off;
slag heap
slag off;
slam against;
slam dunk
slam into;
slam out;
slanging match
slap about;
slap and tickle
slap around;
slap bang
slap down;
slap on;
slap shot
slap together;
slap with;
slash and burn
slash at;
slash at with;
slasher film
slasher movie
slate blue
slate gray
slate grey
slate PC
slather in;
slather on;
slather with;
slave away;
slave driver
slave labor
slave labour
slave state
slave trade
sled dog
sleep around;
sleep away;
sleep in;
sleep off;
sleep on;
sleep out;
sleep over;
sleep through;
sleep together;
sleep with;
sleepaway camp
sleeper agent
sleeping bag
Sleeping Beauty
sleeping car
sleeping giant
sleeping partner
sleeping pill
sleeping policeman
sleeping sickness
sleeping tablet
sleeve note
sleight of hand
slice away;
slice off;
slice up;
sliced bread
slick back;
slick down;
slide projector
slide rule
slide shoe
slide show
sliding door
sliding scale
slightly built
slim down;
slim pickings
sling off;
sling off at;
slip away;
slip by;
slip case
slip cover
slip dress
slip in;
slip into;
slip knot
slip off;
slip on;
slip out;
slip out of;
slip road
slip through;
slip up;
slipped disc
slipped disk
slippery slope
Sloane Ranger
slob about;
slob around;
slob out;
slobber over;
sloe eyes
sloe gin
slog away;
slop about;
slop around;
slope off;
slopping out
sloppy joe
slosh about;
slosh around;
slot in;
slot into;
slot machine
slot together;
slotted spoon
Slough of Despond
slough off;
slow burn
slow city
slow cooker
slow down;
slow food
slow handclap
slow lane
slow motion
slow up;
SLR camera
slug pellet
sluice gate
slumber party
slush fund
slush pile
sly grog
smack bang
smack dab
smack of;
smack up;
small ad
small arm
small beer
small business
small calorie
small capitals
small caps
small change
small claims court
small fortune
small fry
small goods
small hours
small intestine
small potatoes
small print
small screen
small talk
small town
small-claims court
smallest room
smart alec
smart aleck
smart arse
smart ass
smart bomb
smart card
smart drug
smart money
smart mouth
smart off;
smart phone
smart set
smarten up;
smash and grab
smash down;
smash hit
smash in;
smash into;
smash to smithereens
smash up;
smash-and-grab raid
smear campaign
smear test
smell out;
smell up;
smelling salts
smile on;
smile upon;
smiley face
Smith and Wesson
smoke alarm
smoke and mirrors
smoke bomb
smoke detector
smoke grenade
smoke out;
smoke screen
smoke shop
smoke signal
smoke-filled room
smoked glass
smoked salmon
smokeless tobacco
smokestack industry
Smokey Bear
Smokey the Bear
smoking gun
smoking jacket
smoking room
smooth away;
smooth muscle
smooth out;
smooth over;
snack bar
snail mail
snake bite
snake charmer
snake eyes
snake oil
snakes and ladders
snap bean
snap fastener
snap out;
snap out of;
snap pea
snap up;
snapping turtle
snare drum
snarl up;
snarled up
snatch at;
snatch squad
sneak peek
sneak preview
sneak thief
sneak up;
sneak up on;
sneeze at;
sniff about;
sniff around;
sniff at;
sniff out;
sniff round;
sniffer dog
snip off;
snob appeal
snooze button
snow bank
Snow Belt
snow blindness
snow cannon
snow chains
snow cone
snow day
snow gun
snow job
snow line
snow pea
snow plough
snow thrower
snow tire
snow tyre
Snow White
snow white
snowball effect
snowed in
snowed under
snub nose
snuff film
snuff movie
snuff out;
so called
so far
so help me God
so long
so long as
so much
so much for
so so
so that
so there
so what
soak in;
soak into;
soak off;
soak out;
soak through;
soak up;
soaking wet
soap box
soap flakes
soap opera
soap powder
sob story
sober up;
soccer mom
social bookmarking
social chapter
social climber
social climbing
social club
social compact
social conscience
social contract
social Darwinism
social democracy
Social Democrat
social democrat
social democratic
Social Democratic Party
social disease
social engineer
social engineering
social enterprise
social exclusion
social fund
social gaming
social housing
social inclusion
social insurance
Social Insurance number
social life
social media
social mobility
social network
social order
social psychologist
social psychology
social science
social scientist
social secretary
Social Security
social security
Social Security number
social security number
social service
social services
social studies
social work
social worker
socialist realism
socialized medicine
Society of Jesus
sock away;
socket set
socket wrench
sod all
sod off;
Sod's Law
soda bread
soda cracker
soda fountain
soda jerk
soda pop
soda siphon
soda syphon
soda water
sodium bicarbonate
sodium carbonate
sodium chloride
sodium hydroxide
sodium nitrate
Sodom and Gomorrah
sofa bed
soft centered
soft centre
soft coal
soft commodities
soft copy
soft corner
soft drink
soft drug
soft error
soft focus
soft fruit
soft furnishings
soft goods
soft landing
soft loan
soft money
soft option
soft palate
soft pedal
soft porn
soft rock
soft sell
soft shoulder
soft skills
soft soap
soft spot
soft target
soft tissue
soft top
soft touch
soft toy
soft water
soften up;
softly, softly
softly-softly approach
software documentation
software engineer
software package
software piracy
Soil Association
soil erosion
soil science
solar cell
solar cooker
solar energy
solar panel
solar plexus
solar power
solar system
solar year
sold out
soldering iron
soldier of fortune
soldier on;
sole proprietor
sole trader
Solicitor General
Solicitors General
solid fuel
solitary confinement
solvent abuse
some day
some time
somebody or other
Somerset House
something else
something or other
somewhere or other
son et lumiere
son of a bitch
son of a gun
Son of God
song and dance
song bird
song sheet
song thrush
sonic boom
sonic branding
sons of bitches
sons of guns
sooner or later
sop up;
sopping wet
soprano recorder
sore loser
sore point
sort code
sort of
sort out;
sort out from;
sort through;
sort through for;
sorting code
sorting office
SOS pad
sotto voce
sought after
soul brother
soul food
soul mate
soul music
sound barrier
sound bite
sound card
sound check
sound effect
sound engineer
sound mixer
sound off;
sound off about;
sound out;
sound out about;
sound out on;
sound stage
sound system
sound track
sound wave
sounding board
soup kitchen
soup plate
soup spoon
soup up;
sour cream
sour grapes
sour on;
source code
soured cream
South African
South America
South American
South Asia
south eastern
South Korean
South Pole
south western
South-East Asia
southeasterly wind
southerly wind
southern belle
Southern Cone
Southern Cross
southern hemisphere
Southern Lights
southern lights
southwest wind
southwesterly wind
souvenir hunter
soy milk
soy sauce
soya bean
soya milk
soya sauce
space age
space bar
space cadet
space capsule
space flight
space heater
space out;
space probe
space race
Space Shuttle
space shuttle
space station
space suit
space walk
spaced out
spag bol
spaghetti bolognaise
spaghetti bolognese
spaghetti strap
spaghetti western
spam killer
Spanish American
Spanish fly
Spanish Inquisition
Spanish moss
Spanish omelet
Spanish omelette
Spanish rice
spare part
spare rib
spare room
spare time
spare tire
spare tyre
spare wheel
spare-part surgery
spark off;
spark plug
spark up;
sparking plug
sparring partner
spawning ground
speak for;
speak of;
speak out;
speak out against;
speak to;
speak to about;
speak up;
speak up for;
Speaker of the House
speaking clock
spear carrier
spec builder
special agent
Special Air Service
special area
Special Branch
special character
special constable
special delivery
special development area
special ed
special education
special educational needs
special effect
special forces
special interest
special interest group
special interest holiday
special licence
special needs
special offer
Special Olympics
special pleading
special school
specialist shop
specialty shop
species barrier
specific gravity
spectator sport
speech act
speech bubble
speech community
speech day
speech impediment
speech marks
speech recognition
speech recognition software
speech synthesis
speech therapist
speech therapy
speed breaker
speed bump
speed camera
speed dating
speed demon
speed dial
speed garage
speed hump
speed limit
speed reading
speed skater
speed skating
speed trap
speed up;
speeding ticket
spell check
spell checker
spell out;
spelling bee
spelling book
spelling checker
spending money
spent force
sperm bank
sperm cell
sperm count
sperm donor
sperm whale
spew up;
Sphagnum moss
spic and span
spice up;
spick and span
spider monkey
spider plant
spider web
spider's web
spiff up;
spike heel
spike heels
spill out;
spill over;
spill over into;
spin around;
spin bowler
spin bowling
spin control
spin doctor
spin drier
spin dryer
spin off;
spin off from;
spin out;
spin round;
spina bifida
spinal column
spinal cord
spinal tap
spinning jenny
spinning top
spinning wheel
spiny anteater
spiral binding
spiral staircase
spirit lamp
spirit level
spiritual home
spit and polish
spit at;
spit out;
spit up;
spitting distance
spitting image
splash about;
splash across;
splash around;
splash down;
splash guard
splash out;
splash out for;
splash out on;
splash over;
splay out;
splinter group
split away;
split away from;
split end
split infinitive
split off;
split off from;
split on;
split on to;
split pea
split personality
split pin
split screen
split second
split shift
split ticket
split up;
split up with;
split-fingered fastball
split-personality disorder
splitting headache
spoil for;
spoils system
spoken for
spoken word
sponge bag
sponge bath
sponge cake
sponge off;
sponge pudding
sponge rubber
spontaneous combustion
sport car
sport coat
sport jacket
sport of kings
sport shirt
sport utility vehicle
sport-utility vehicle
sporting chance
sports bar
sports car
sports center
sports centre
sports coat
sports day
sports drink
sports jacket
sports medicine
sports shirt
sports supplement
sports utility vehicle
sports writer
spot check
spot fine
spot kick
spot on
spot price
spotted dick
spotter plane
spray can
spray gun
spray paint
spray tan
spread bet
spread betting
spread out;
spring break
spring chicken
spring clean
spring cleaning
spring fever
spring for;
spring from;
spring greens
spring on;
spring onion
spring peeper
spring roll
spring tide
spring training
spring up;
springform pan
springform tin
sprocket wheel
spruce tree
spruce up;
spun glass
spur on;
spy on;
spy out;
squad car
squadron leader
square away;
square bracket
square dance
square dancer
square dancing
square deal
square knot
square meal
Square Mile
square off;
square off against;
square one
square root
square up;
square up to;
square up with;
square with;
squash racquets
squash tennis
squash up;
squash up against;
squat down;
squat thrust
squeak through;
squeaky clean
squeegee merchant
squeegee mop
squeeze bottle
squeeze box
squeeze in;
squeeze off;
squeeze out;
squeeze out from;
squeeze out of;
squeeze play
squeeze up;
squeeze up against;
squib kick
squirrel away;
squirt gun
Sri Lankan
St Andrew
St Andrew's Day
St Bernard
St Christopher
St David's Day
St George
St George's Day
St John Ambulance
St John's Wort
St Patrick
St Patrick's Day
St Swithin's Day
St Trinian's
St Valentine's Day
St. Andrew
St. Bernard
St. George
St. John's Wort
St. Patrick
St. Patrick's Day
St. Tropez
St. Valentine's Day
stab wound
stabbing pain
stability ball
stable boy
stable companion
stable door
stable girl
stable lad
stack up;
staff nurse
staff officer
Staff Sergeant
staff sergeant
stag beetle
stag night
stag party
stage direction
stage door
stage fright
stage hand
stage left
stage manager
stage name
stage right
stage whisper
staggered junction
staging area
staging post
stained glass
stainless steel
stair lift
stair well
stake out;
staked out
stakeholder pension
stalking horse
stammer out;
Stamp Act
stamp as;
stamp collecting
stamp collector
stamp duty
stamp of approval
stamp on;
stamp out;
stamped addressed envelope
stamping ground
stand about;
stand against;
stand apart;
stand around;
stand aside;
stand at;
stand back;
stand back from;
stand behind;
stand between;
stand by;
stand down;
stand for;
stand in;
stand in for;
stand out;
stand out against;
stand out as;
stand out for;
stand out from;
stand over;
stand up;
stand up for;
stand up to;
stand-off half
standard assessment task
standard bearer
standard deduction
standard deviation
Standard English
standard error
Standard Grade
standard lamp
standard letter
standard of living
standard operating procedure
standard time
standards of living
standby ticket
standing army
standing charge
standing joke
standing order
standing ovation
standing room
standing stone
Stanley Cup
Stanley knife
staple diet
staple gun
staple remover
star anise
star chamber
star key
star network
Star of David
star prize
star quality
star sign
star turn
Star Wars
Star-Spangled Banner
stare down;
stare out;
stark naked
starring role
Stars and Stripes
start back;
start date
start in;
start off;
start off on;
start on;
start on about;
start on at;
start on at about;
start out;
start over;
start page
start time
start up;
starter home
starter kit
starter motor
starter pack
starting block
starting date
starting gate
starting gun
starting line
starting pistol
starting point
starting price
starting salary
starting time
starvation diet
starvation wages
starve for;
starve into;
starve of;
starve out;
starve out of;
stat sheet
state attorney
state benefit
state college
State Department
state house
state line
state occasion
state of affairs
state of emergency
state of matter
state of mind
state of play
state of siege
state of the art
State of the Union Address
State Opening of Parliament
state park
state premier
state school
state secret
state trooper
state university
state visit
state's attorney
state's evidence
stately home
states' rights
static electricity
station agent
station break
station house
station ident
station identification
station master
station wagon
stationary bicycle
stationary bike
Stations of the Cross
stative verb
Statue of Liberty
status bar
status quo
status symbol
statute book
statute law
statute of limitations
statutory holiday
statutory instrument
statutory offence
statutory offense
statutory rape
stave in;
stave off;
stay around;
stay away;
stay away from;
stay back;
stay behind;
stay down;
stay in;
stay of execution
stay off;
stay on;
stay out;
stay out of;
stay over;
stay schtum
stay shtum
stay together;
stay up;
stay with;
staying power
steady state theory
steak house
steak knife
steak tartare
stealth bomber
stealth fighter
stealth tax
steam ahead;
steam clean
steam engine
steam iron
steam off;
steam roll
steam shovel
steam up;
steamer trunk
steaming hot
steaming mad
steel band
steel drum
steel guitar
steel mill
steel pan
steel wool
steel worker
steep in;
steering column
steering committee
steering group
steering wheel
stem cell
stem from;
step aerobics
step aside;
step back;
step back from;
step by step
step change
step down;
step forward;
step in;
step into;
step machine
step on;
step out;
step stool
step up;
Stepford wife
stepping stone
stereo system
sterling silver
stew meat
stewing steak
stick around;
stick at;
stick by;
stick down;
stick figure
stick insect
stick of rock
stick on;
stick out;
stick out for;
stick out of;
stick shift
stick to;
stick together;
stick up;
stick up for;
stick with;
sticker price
sticker shock
sticking plaster
sticking point
sticky bun
sticky fingers
sticky note
sticky tape
sticky tune
sticky wicket
stiff upper lip
stiffen up;
stiletto heel
still life
sting for;
stinging nettle
stink bomb
stink out;
stink up;
stint on;
stipendiary magistrate
stir in;
stir into;
stir up;
stirrup pants
stitch together;
stitch up;
stock breeder
stock car
stock company
stock control
stock cube
stock exchange
stock in trade
stock index
stock market
stock option
stock route
stock up;
stock-car racing
stockbroker belt
Stockholm syndrome
stocking cap
stocking filler
stocking mask
stocking stuffer
stoke up;
stoke up on;
stoke up with;
Stolen Children
stomach ache
stomach crunch
stomach pump
stomach stapling
stomp on;
stomp out;
stomping ground
Stone Age
stone broke
stone circle
stone cold
stone dead
stone deaf
stone's throw
stone-cold sober
stony broke
stool pigeon
stoop down;
stoop to;
stop away;
stop back;
stop by;
stop in;
stop knob
stop light
stop off;
stop off at;
stop off in;
stop on;
stop out;
stop over;
stop over at;
stop over in;
stop press
stop sign
stop street
stop up;
stoppage time
stopping distance
stopping train
storage battery
storage device
storage heater
store away;
store brand
store card
store detective
store up;
store window
stored energy
storey house
storm cloud
storm door
storm drain
storm surge
storm trooper
storm water
storm window
story line
stovepipe hat
stow away;
straight angle
straight arrow
straight away
straight edge
straight face
straight flush
straight man
straight razor
straight shooter
straight ticket
straight-edge razor
straighten out;
straighten up;
stranger crime
stranger rape
strapped for cash
Strategic Defense Initiative
strategic planning
strategy game
straw boater
straw man
straw poll
straw vote
strawberry blond
strawberry blonde
strawberry mark
streaky bacon
stream of consciousness
street child
street clothes
street cred
street credibility
street crime
street furniture
street hockey
street lamp
street light
street map
street people
street smart
street theater
street theatre
street value
strep throat
stress fracture
stress mark
stress out;
stress test
stressed out
stretch limo
stretch limousine
stretch mark
stretch out;
stretch pants
strictly speaking
strike at;
strike back;
strike down;
strike force
strike off;
strike on;
strike out;
strike pay
strike rate
strike through;
strike up;
strike upon;
strike zone
striking distance
string along;
string along with;
string bass
string bean
string cheese
string instrument
string out;
string quartet
string together;
string up;
string vest
stringed instrument
strip away;
strip cartoon
strip club
strip down;
strip joint
strip light
strip lighting
strip mall
strip mine
strip off;
strip poker
strip search
strip show
strip steak
strobe light
stroke play
strong drink
strong force
strong language
strong point
strong room
strong safety
strong suit
structural engineer
structural linguistics
struggle along;
struggle on;
strung out
strung up
stub out;
stubborn streak
stuck up
stud book
stud farm
student body
student council
student driver
student government
student loan
student teacher
student teaching
student union
students' union
studio apartment
studio audience
studio flat
study bedroom
study hall
study holiday
study tour
stuffed animal
stuffed shirt
stuffed toy
stuffed up
stumble across;
stumble into;
stumble on;
stumble upon;
stumbling block
stump speech
stump up;
stump up for;
stun grenade
stun gun
stunt double
stunt man
stunt woman
style after;
style on;
style sheet
sub judice
sub lieutenant
sub rosa
sub-machine gun
sub-post office
subatomic particle
subject line
subject matter
subject to;
submachine gun
submarine sandwich
subordinate clause
subordinating conjunction
subscribe for;
subscribe to;
subscription concert
subsequent to
subsist on;
subsistence crop
subsistence farmer
subsistence farming
subsistence level
substance abuse
substitute teacher
success story
succession planning
such and such
such as
suck in;
suck into;
suck off;
suck up;
suck up to;
sucker into;
sucker punch
suckling pig
suction cup
suction pump
sudden death
sudden infant death syndrome
suffragan bishop
sugar beet
sugar bowl
sugar cane
sugar cube
sugar daddy
sugar lump
sugar maple
sugar maple tree
sugar pea
sugar pill
sugar snap
sugar snap pea
sugared almond
suggestion scheme
sui generis
suicide bomber
suicide note
suicide pact
suicide terrorist
suit to;
suit up;
sukuma wiki
sulfur dioxide
sulfuric acid
sulphur dioxide
sulphuric acid
sum total
sum up;
summa cum laude
summer camp
summer holiday
summer home
summer house
summer pudding
summer school
summer solstice
summer squash
summer stock
summer student
Summer Time
summer time
summer vacation
summing up
summit conference
summit meeting
summon up;
sumo wrestler
sumo wrestling
sump pump
Sun Belt
sun bonnet
sun cream
sun deck
sun god
sun hat
sun lamp
sun lotion
sun lounge
sun lounger
sun protection factor
sun screen
sun visor
sun worshiper
sun worshipper
Sunday best
Sunday driver
Sunday paper
Sunday school
sunny side
sunny-side up
sunrise industry
sunset clause
sunset industry
sunset law
sunset provision
sunshine law
suntan lotion
Super Bowl
Super Bowl Sunday
Super Tuesday
superannuation scheme
superior court
superiority complex
supermarket tabloid
supervision order
supper club
supplementary angle
supply and demand
supply chain
supply line
supply network
supply side
supply teacher
supply-side economics
support group
support hose
support network
support system
support tights
supposed to
supposing that
Supreme Being
Supreme Court
supreme court
sure enough
surf 'n' turf
surf and turf
surf lifesaver
surface area
surface mail
surface structure
surface tension
surface-to-air missile
surface-to-surface missile
surfeit of
surge protector
surge up;
Surgeon General
surgeon general
surgical spirit
surgical strike
surprise party
surrender to;
surrender value
surrogate mother
surround sound
survey course
survival kit
survival of the fittest
suspended animation
suspended sentence
suspender belt
suspension bridge
suspension ligament
suspension system
suss out;
sustainable development
swaddling clothes
swallow dive
swallow hole
swallow up;
swamp fever
swamp gas
swan dive
swan song
swap meet
swarm with;
SWAT team
swathe in;
swear by;
swear in;
swear into;
swear off;
swear to;
swear word
sweat duct
sweat equity
sweat gland
sweat off;
sweat out;
sweat pants
sweat shirt
sweat shop
sweat sock
sweat suit
sweated labor
sweated labour
sweater vest
sweep along;
sweep aside;
sweep away;
sweep back;
sweep out;
sweep over;
sweep up;
sweet and sour
sweet chestnut
sweet cider
sweet corn
sweet FA
sweet Fanny Adams
sweet nothings
sweet pea
sweet pepper
sweet potato
sweet shop
sweet spot
sweet talk
sweet tooth
sweet William
sweet william
Sweet'N Low
sweeten up;
sweetheart agreement
sweetheart contract
sweetheart deal
sweetie pie
swell up;
swelled head
swim bladder
swim trunks
swimming bath
swimming cap
swimming costume
swimming hat
swimming hole
swimming pool
swimming trunks
swine fever
swine flu
swing bridge
swing by;
swing door
swing set
swing shift
swing state
swing through;
swing vote
swing voter
swinging door
swipe card
Swiss Army knife
Swiss army knife
Swiss ball
Swiss chard
Swiss cheese
Swiss roll
swiss roll
Swiss steak
switch off;
switch on;
switch over;
switchboard operator
switched on
swivel around;
swivel chain
swivel chair
swivel round;
swizzle stick
swollen head
swoop up;
sword dance
Sword of Damocles
sword of Damocles
sworn enemy
SWOT analysis
swot up;
swot up on;
sycamore tree
Sydney to Hobart
syllabic consonant
sympathy action
sympathy card
sympathy strike
sympathy vote
symphony orchestra
synaptic gap
synchronised swimming
synchronize with;
synchronized swimmer
synchronized swimming
synovial fluid
synthetic fuel
syphon off;
system operator
system unit
systems analysis
systems analyst
systems operator
systems software
T cell
T lymphocyte
T square
T'ai Chi
t'ai chi
t'ai chi ch'uan
T-bar lift
T-bone steak
T. rex
T4 slip
ta ta
tab key
tab of acid
tab stop
tabby cat
table d'hote
table dancing
table football
table knife
table lamp
table linen
table manners
table mat
table napkin
table sale
table salt
table soccer
table talk
table tennis
table top
table wine
tables d'hote
tablet computer
Tablet PC
tabletop sale
tabloid TV
taboo word
tabula rasa
tabulae rasae
tack on;
tack onto;
tactical vest
tactical vote
Tae Kwon Do
tae kwon do
tag along;
tag along behind;
tag along with;
tag line
tag on;
tag onto;
tag question
tag sale
tag team
Tai Chi
tai chi
tail away;
tail back;
tail coat
tail end
tail fin
tail light
tail off;
tail wind
tailgate party
tailor for;
tailor to;
take a shufti
take a shufty
take after;
take against;
take apart;
take aside;
take away;
take away from;
take back;
take back to;
take care
take cognizance of
take down;
take for;
take in;
take it or leave it
take off;
take on;
take out;
take out against;
take out for;
take out of;
take out on;
take over;
take over as;
take over from;
take place
take the mick
take the mickey
take through;
take to;
take umbrage
take umbrage at
take under advisement
take up;
take up on;
take up with;
take upon;
take-home pay
take-home test
taken aback
takeout food
talcum powder
talent contest
talent scout
talent show
talent spotter
talk about;
talk around;
talk at;
talk away;
talk back;
talk back to;
talk down;
talk down to;
talk into;
talk of;
talk out;
talk out of;
talk over;
talk over with;
talk plan
talk radio
talk round;
talk round to;
talk show
talk through;
talk time
talk up;
talking book
talking drum
talking head
talking point
talking shop
tall claim
tall order
tall poppy syndrome
tall ship
tall story
tall tale
tall-grass prairie
tally up;
Tammany Hall
tamp down;
tamper with;
tandem bicycle
tangle up;
tangle with;
tank engine
tank top
tank tread
tank up;
tanked up
tannic acid
tanning bed
tanning booth
tantamount to
tap dance
tap dancer
tap dancing
tap for;
tap in;
tap into;
tap out;
tap water
tape deck
tape measure
tape player
tape recorder
tape recording
tape streamer
tape up;
taper off;
tar paper
tare weight
target language
tart up;
tartar sauce
tartare sauce
tartaric acid
task force
task management
taste bud
tattoo artist
tawny owl
tax allowance
tax avoidance
tax band
tax base
tax bracket
tax break
tax collector
tax credit
tax disc
tax dodge
tax dodger
tax evasion
tax exile
tax haven
tax incentive
tax inspector
tax preparer
tax relief
tax return
tax shelter
tax with;
tax year
taxi rank
taxi squad
taxi stand
tea bag
tea ball
tea biscuit
tea break
tea caddy
tea cake
tea ceremony
tea chest
tea cloth
tea cosy
tea cozy
tea dance
tea garden
tea kettle
tea leaf
Tea Party
tea party
tea plantation
tea pot
tea room
tea service
tea set
tea shop
tea table
tea towel
tea tray
tea tree
tea tree oil
tea trolley
tea urn
tea wagon
teacher trainer
teacher training
teacher's college
teacher's pet
teacher-training college
teachers college
teaching assistant
teaching fellow
teaching hospital
teaching practice
teal blue
team building
team handball
team player
team spirit
team up;
team up with;
tear apart;
tear at;
tear away;
tear away from;
tear down;
tear duct
tear gas
tear gland
tear into;
tear off;
tear up;
tease out;
tech support
technical college
technical foul
technical hitch
technical knockout
technical school
technical support
technology park
teddy bear
Teddy boy
Tee Ball
tee hee
tee off;
tee shirt
tee up;
teed off
teeing ground
teem down;
teem with;
teeny weeny
teething pains
teething problems
teething ring
teething troubles
telco hotel
telegraph pole
telegraph wire
telephone banking
telephone book
telephone booth
telephone box
telephone call
telephone directory
telephone exchange
telephone kiosk
telephone number
telephone pole
telephone tag
telephone tapping
telephone wire
telephoto lens
television licence
television set
tell against;
tell apart;
tell me
tell of;
tell off;
tell off for;
tell on;
telling off
temperate zone
temporal lobe
Ten Commandments
ten pence
ten pence piece
ten's place
ten-gallon hat
ten-pin bowling
tenant farmer
tender offer
tenement house
tennis court
tennis elbow
tennis racket
tennis racquet
tennis shoe
tenon saw
tenpin bowling
tense up;
tensed up
tensile strength
tent city
tent peg
tequila slammer
term insurance
term paper
term time
terminator gene
terms of reference
terms of trade
terra cotta
terra firma
terra incognita
terra nullius
terrace house
terraced house
terrae incognitae
terrain park
terrible twins
Territorial Army
territorial sea
territorial waters
terry cloth
terry toweling
tertiary care
tertiary college
tertiary education
tertiary industry
tertiary sector
test ban
test bed
test card
test case
test certificate
test drive
test flight
test for;
Test match
test match
test out;
test pattern
test pilot
test run
test tube
test tube baby
test-tube baby
testify to;
testimonial match
testing ground
Tetra Pak
text box
text chat
text editor
text file
text message
text processing
textured vegetable protein
thank God
thank you
thanks a lot
Thanksgiving Day
that is
that's all
that's it
that's that
thaw out;
the hard way
the last moment
the last word
the life of Reilly
the life of Riley
the real thing
the same old
the same thing
the whole time
theatre in the round
theatre nurse
thematic role
theme music
theme park
theme party
theme pub
theme song
theme tune
then and there
therapeutic cloning
Theravada Buddhism
there's no telling
thermal imaging
Thermos bottle
thermos bottle
Thermos flask
theta role
thigh bone
thin down;
thin out;
think about;
think ahead;
think ahead to;
think back;
think back to;
think factory
think of;
think of as;
think out;
think over;
think piece
think tank
think through;
think up;
thinking cap
third age
third base
third baseman
third class
third degree
third party
third person
third rail
Third Reich
Third Way
third way
Third World
third world
third-class degree
third-degree burn
third-party insurance
thirst for;
this and that
this minute
thorn bush
thorn tree
thought out
thought pattern
thought police
thought process
thousand island dressing
thrash metal
thrash out;
thread vein
three fourths
three quarter
three R's
three score
Three Wise Men
three-base hit
three-card trick
three-day event
three-legged race
three-line whip
three-piece suit
three-piece suite
three-point line
three-point turn
three-quarter length
three-ring circus
threepenny bit
threepenny piece
thrift institution
thrift shop
thrift store
thrill ride
thrill to;
thrive on;
throng with;
throttle back;
throttle down;
throttle up;
through and through
through rose-colored glasses
through rose-coloured glasses
through rose-tinted glasses
through route
through the grapevine
through ticket
through traffic
throw a sickie
throw aside;
throw away;
throw back;
throw back at;
throw back on;
throw down;
throw in;
throw into;
throw off;
throw off at;
throw on;
throw open;
throw open to;
throw out;
throw out of;
throw over;
throw pillow
throw rug
throw together;
throw up;
throwaway comment
throwaway line
throwaway remark
thrust aside;
thrust on;
thrust upon;
thumb drive
thumb index
thumb piano
thumb print
thumb screw
thumb through;
thumbnail image
thumbnail sketch
thumbs down
thumbs up
thumbs-up sign
thump out;
thymus gland
thyroid gland
tick away;
tick box
tick by;
tick off;
tick on;
tick over;
tick past;
ticked off
ticker tape
ticker tape parade
ticker-tape parade
ticket collector
ticket office
ticket tout
ticking off
tidal wave
tide over;
tide pool
tide table
tidy away;
tidy out;
tidy up;
tidy up after;
tie clasp
tie clip
tie down;
tie down to;
tie in;
tie in with;
tie off;
tie tack
tie to;
tie up;
tie up with;
tied aid
tied house
tied up
tiffin carrier
tiger cub
tiger economy
tiger lily
tight bend
tight end
tight head
tight turn
tighten up;
tighten up on;
tightrope walker
tiki bar
tilt at;
tilting train
timber yard
time after time
time and a half
time and motion study
time bomb
time capsule
time card
time clock
time consuming
time frame
time lag
time lapse
time limit
time line
time lock
time machine
time management
time off
time out;
time outs
time piece
time scale
time share
time sheet
time signal
time signature
time slot
time span
time switch
time travel
time trial
time warp
time waster
time zone
time-and-motion study
time-scale promotion
timed ticket
times sign
times table
tin can
tin ear
tin foil
tin god
tin hat
tin opener
Tin Pan Alley
tin plate
tin whistle
tinder box
tinker around;
tinker's dam
tinker's damn
tip off;
tip off about;
tip over;
tip truck
tip up;
tipper lorry
tipper truck
tipping point
tiptoe around;
tire iron
tire of;
tire out;
tired out
tissue culture
tissue paper
tit for tat
title bar
title deed
title holder
title page
title role
title track
to and fro
to be exact
to be expected
to be precise
to begin with
to boot
to date
to say the least
to spare
to start with
to tell the truth
to the side
to this day
to-do list
toast rack
toaster oven
toasting fork
toby jug
toe cap
toe nail
toffee apple
tog out;
tog up;
together with
toggle switch
toil away;
toilet bag
toilet brush
toilet paper
toilet roll
toilet soap
toilet tissue
toilet train
toilet training
toilet water
toiletry bag
Tok Pisin
toll bridge
toll call
toll plaza
toll road
tollhouse cookie
Tolpuddle Martyrs
tom cat
Tom, Dick, and Harry
Tom, Dick, or Harry
tomato ketchup
Tomb of the Unknown Soldier
Tommy gun
tommy gun
tone deaf
tone deafness
tone down;
tone group
tone in;
tone language
tone poem
tone unit
tone up;
tongue and groove
tongue depressor
tongue in cheek
tongue lashing
tongue twister
tonic sol-fa
tonic syllable
tonic water
Tony Award
tool box
tool kit
tool shed
tool up;
tooled up
tooth and nail
tooth decay
tooth fairy
tooth powder
toothbrush moustache
toothbrush mustache
Top 40
top banana
top brass
top class
top coat
top copy
top dog
top dollar
top drawer
top dressing
Top End
Top Ender
top gear
top gun
top hat
top notch
top of the line
top of the range
top off;
top off with;
top out;
top out at;
top round
top secret
top table
Top Ten
top ten
top up;
top-up card
torch singer
torch song
torrid time
torrid zone
tortilla chip
tortoise shell
tortoiseshell butterfly
Tory Party
toss about;
toss around;
toss aside;
toss back;
toss in;
toss off;
toss out;
toss up;
tossed salad
tot up;
total eclipse
total quality management
tote bag
tote board
totem pole
touch and go
touch down;
touch football
touch for;
touch judge
touch off;
touch on;
touch pad
touch paper
touch screen
touch up;
touch upon;
touch-tone phone
tough cookie
tough guy
tough love
tough luck
tough nut
tough out;
toughen up;
tour de force
Tour de France
tour guide
tour of duty
tour operator
tour rep
Tourette syndrome
Tourette's syndrome
tourist attraction
tourist board
tourist class
tourist office
tourist trap
tourist visa
tours de force
tout court
tow away;
tow bar
tow rope
tow truck
towaway zone
towel bar
towel rack
towel rail
tower above;
tower block
Tower of Babel
Tower of London
tower over;
town and gown
town centre
town clerk
town council
town councillor
town crier
Town Hall
town hall
town house
town meeting
town planner
town planning
toxic asset
toxic debt
toxic shock syndrome
toxic waste
toy boy
toy with;
trace back;
trace element
trace mineral
tracing paper
track and field
track ball
track down;
track event
track light
track meet
track record
track suit
tracker ball
tracker dog
tracker fund
trackie bottoms
tracking station
trackless trolley
tracksuit bottoms
tract home
tract house
traction engine
trad jazz
trade agreement
trade association
trade at;
trade balance
trade book
trade deficit
Trade Descriptions Act
trade discount
trade down;
trade fair
trade figures
trade gap
trade in;
trade name
trade off;
trade off against;
trade off for;
trade on;
trade price
trade route
trade school
trade secret
trade show
trade surplus
trade union
trade unionism
trade unionist
trade up;
trade wind
Trades Descriptions Act
trades union
Trades Union Congress
trades unionist
trading card
trading estate
trading floor
trading partner
trading post
traditional medicine
traffic calming
traffic circle
traffic cone
traffic cop
traffic court
traffic island
traffic jam
traffic light
traffic lights
traffic signal
traffic ticket
traffic warden
tragic irony
trail away;
trail bike
trail mix
trail off;
trailer park
trailer trash
trailer truck
trailing arbutus
trailing edge
train at;
train on;
train set
train spotter
train spotting
train station
training camp
training centre
training college
training shoe
training wheel
trakky daks
trample on;
trance music
trans fat
trans fatty acid
trans-fatty acid
Transcendental Meditation
transcendental meditation
transfer fee
transfer list
transfer passenger
transfer student
transformational grammar
transistor radio
transit camp
transit lounge
transit passenger
transit system
Transit van
transit visa
transition element
transition metal
translate into;
transom window
transport cafe
transport plane
transport ship
transverse wave
trap door
Trappist monk
trash bag
trash bin
trash can
trash can liner
trash talk
trash talking
trauma center
trauma centre
travel agency
travel agent
travel agent's
travel card
travel document
travel insurance
travel rep
travel sickness
travel warning
traveler's check
traveling salesman
traveller's cheque
travelling companion
travelling salesman
trawl line
trawl net
tray bake
tray table
treasure chest
treasure house
treasure hunt
treasure trove
treasury bill
treat to;
treaty Indian
Treaty of Rome
Treaty of Versailles
treble clef
tree diagram
tree fern
tree house
tree hugger
tree line
tree structure
tree surgeon
tree surgery
tree top
tree trunk
trench coat
trench foot
trench mouth
trench warfare
trespass on;
trespass upon;
trestle table
trial and error
trial balloon
trial run
triangulation point
tribute band
trick into;
trick or treat
trick out;
trick out in;
trick out of;
trick out with;
trick question
trick up;
trickle down;
trickle feed
trickle-down theory
trifle with;
trig point
trigger food
trigger happy
trigger off;
trim down;
trip hop
trip out;
trip up;
trip wire
triple bond
Triple Crown
triple jump
triple jumper
triple play
Trivial Pursuit
Trojan horse
troll for;
troll through;
trolley bus
trolley car
trompe l'oeil
troop carrier
troop ship
trophic level
trophy girlfriend
trophy wife
Tropic of Cancer
Tropic of Capricorn
tropical fish
tropical rain forest
tropical storm
trot out;
trouble spot
trouser press
trouser suit
trout pout
troy weight
truck farm
truck farmer
truck farming
truck stop
truckle bed
true blue
true bug
True Confessions
true north
true to life
true-life story
trump card
trump up;
trumpet player
trundle bed
trundle out;
trunk call
trunk road
truss up;
trust fund
trust in;
trust territory
trust to;
trust with;
Truth and Reconciliation Commission
truth drug
try for;
try on;
try out;
try out for;
try out on;
tsetse fly
tsk tsk
tu-whit tu-whoo
tu-whit, tu-whoo
tube sock
tube top
tube well
tubular bells
tuck away;
tuck in;
tuck into;
tuck up;
tucker out;
tuckered out
tug boat
tug of love
tug of war
tuition fees
tumble down;
tumble drier
tumble dry
tumble dryer
tumble into;
tumble to;
tummy button
tuna fish
tune in;
tune in to;
tune out;
tune up;
tuned in
tunic dress
tuning fork
tuning peg
tuning pin
tunnel vision
turbojet engine
turboprop engine
turf accountant
turf battle
turf off;
turf out;
turf out of;
turf war
turkey shoot
turkey vulture
Turkish bath
Turkish coffee
Turkish delight
turn against;
turn around;
turn away;
turn away from;
turn back;
turn down;
turn from into;
turn in;
turn in to;
turn into;
turn king's evidence
turn of events
turn of mind
turn of phrase
turn off;
turn on;
turn on to;
turn out;
turn out from;
turn out like;
turn out of;
turn over;
turn over to;
turn Queen's evidence
turn round;
turn signal
turn state's evidence
turn to;
turn up;
turn upon;
turned out
Turner Prize
turning circle
turning point
turning radius
turquoise blue
turtle dove
turtleneck sweater
tut tut
tutti frutti
TV dinner
Tweedledum and Tweedledee
twelfth man
Twelfth Night
twenty pence
twenty pence piece
twenty-first birthday
twenty-four seven
twenty-four-hour clock
twenty-twenty vision
twilight world
twilight zone
twin bed
twin bedroom
Twin Cities
twin set
twin town
twinned with
twist off;
twist tie
two bits
two dimensional
two fingers
two pence
two pence piece
two penn'orth
two piece
two thirds
two-percent milk
two-piece suit
two-up two-down
two-way mirror
two-way street
type in;
type into;
type out;
type up;
typhoid fever
Typhoid Mary
typhus fever
typing pool
tyrannosaurus rex
tzetze fly
U.S. English
U.S. of A.
Ugli fruit
Ugly American
ugly duckling
uh huh
UHT milk
UK garage
ulterior motive
ultimate fighting
Ultimate Frisbee
ultimate frisbee
ultra-high frequency
ultrahigh frequency
ultrasound scan
um and ah
umbilical cord
UN Security Council
unaccounted for
unarmed combat
unasked for
unbeknown to
unbeknownst to
unburden yourself
uncalled for
uncared for
Uncle Sam
Uncle Tom
uncount noun
uncountable noun
uncrowned king
uncrowned queen
under age
under control
under house arrest
under pressure
under protest
under secretary
under the aegis of
under the auspices of
under the tutelage of
under the weather
under tutelage
under way
underfloor heating
underground economy
Underground Railroad
underwire bra
undischarged bankrupt
undreamed of
undreamt of
unearned income
unemployment benefit
unemployment benefits
unemployment compensation
unemployment insurance
unemployment line
uneven bars
unfair dismissal
unfamiliar with
unheard of
Unification Church
Union flag
Union Jack
union scale
union suit
Union Territory
unit cost
unit price
unit sales
unit trust
Unitarian Universalism
Unitarian Universalist
United Free Church
United Kingdom
United Nations
United Nations Security Council
United Press International
United States
United States of America
United Way
universal bank
universal grammar
universal indicator
universal joint
Universal Product Code
universal suffrage
Universal Time
University of the Third Age
unknown quantity
Unknown Soldier
unlawful killing
unmindful of
unrecoverable error
unsaturated fat
unsealed road
up a gum tree
up and down
up front
up the wazoo
up the ying yang
up to
up to date
up to the minute
up yours
upper case
upper chamber
upper class
upper classes
upper crust
upper hand
Upper House
upper house
upper lip
upper school
upright piano
ups and downs
upset the applecart
upside down
upside-down cake
upward mobility
upward of
upwardly mobile
upwards of
urban jungle
urban legend
urban myth
urban redevelopment
urban renewal
urban sprawl
urban warrior
urge on;
Ursa Major
Ursa Minor
US English
US Masters Tournament
US Open
USB device
USB drive
USB port
USB stick
use up;
used not to
used to
usedn't to
user base
user fee
user group
user guide
user ID
user interface
usher in;
utility knife
utility pole
utility program
utility room
utility truck
utility vehicle
V and A
V neck
V sign
V-E Day
V-J Day
V. Pres
vacant lot
vacant possession
vacuum bottle
vacuum cleaner
vacuum flask
vacuum pump
vacuum sweeper
vacuum tube
vade mecum
valentine card
Valentine's Day
valet parking
valet service
Valley Girl
Valley girl
value added
value added tax
value chain
value judgement
value judgment
value system
value-added tax
vampire bat
van conversion
vanilla bean
vanishing act
vanishing point
vanity case
vanity mirror
vanity plate
vanity press
vanity publishing
vanity table
vanity unit
vantage point
vapor trail
vapour trail
variable cost
variant CJD
varicose vein
variety meats
variety show
variety store
Varsity Match
vas deferens
vasa deferentia
vassal state
VAT man
vaudeville theater
vault over;
vaulting horse
veg out;
vegetable oil
veggie burger
vena cava
venae cavae
vending machine
venereal disease
Venetian blind
venetian blind
venial sin
Venn diagram
ventriloquist's dummy
venture capital
venture capitalist
venture into;
venture on;
Venture Scout
Venus flytrap
verb group
verbal diarrhoea
verbal group
verbal noun
verge on;
verge upon;
vernal equinox
versed in
vertebral column
vertical axis
vertical blind
vertical farm
vertical gardening
vertical integration
vertical take-off
very high frequency
Very light
Very Reverend
very well
vesper bell
vest in;
vest with;
vested interest
veteran car
Veteran's Day
Veterans Day
veterinary surgeon
Vicar of Christ
vice admiral
vice chancellor
vice presidency
Vice President
vice president
vice presidential
vice ring
vice squad
vice versa
vicious circle
vicious cycle
victim mentality
victim support
Victoria Cross
Victoria Day
Victoria sponge
video adapter
video arcade
video camera
video card
video cassette
video cassette player
video cassette recorder
video clip
video conferencing
video diary
video display terminal
video game
video jockey
video monitor
video nasty
video phone
video recorder
video tape
video wall
videocassette recorder
videotape recorder
Viet Cong
Vietnam War
villa home
village green
village idiot
Village Voice
vim and vigor
vim and vigour
vintage car
viral load
viral marketing
virgin birth
Virgin Mary
Virgin Queen
Virginia creeper
Virginia reel
virtual memory
virtual reality
virtual storage
virtual world
virtuous circle
virtuous cycle
virus checker
visible minority
vision statement
visit on;
visit upon;
visit with;
visiting card
visiting fireman
visiting hours
visiting nurse
visiting professor
visitor centre
visitors' book
visual aid
visual arts
visual display unit
visual field
vital organs
vital sign
vital signs
vital statistics
vitamin A
vitamin B
vitamin B complex
vitamin B1
vitamin B2
vitamin C
vitamin D
vitamin E
vitamin K
vitreous humor
vitreous humour
viva voce
vive la difference
vocal cords
vocal folds
vocational school
voice box
voice mail
Voice of America
voice print
voice recognition
void deck
Voluntary Service Overseas
Volunteer Reserve Services
voodoo doll
vote a split ticket
vote down;
vote in;
vote into;
vote of censure
vote of confidence
vote of no confidence
vote of thanks
vote off;
vote on;
vote onto;
vote out;
vote out of;
vote through;
voting booth
voting machine
votive candle
vouch for;
vox pop
vox populi
vulgar fraction
vulgar Latin
W VA
W-2 form
wad up;
wade in;
wade into;
wade through;
wading bird
wading pool
waffle iron
waffle on;
wage curve
wage differential
wage earner
wage freeze
wage packet
wage slave
wagon train
waist pack
wait about;
wait around;
wait behind;
wait in;
wait list
wait on;
wait out;
wait till;
wait until;
wait up;
wait up for;
wait upon;
waiting game
waiting list
waiting room
waiting staff
wake up;
wake up to;
wake-up call
waken up;
Waldorf salad
walk around;
walk away;
walk away from;
walk away with;
walk in on;
walk into;
walk of life
walk off;
walk off with;
walk on;
walk out;
walk out of;
walk out on;
walk over;
walk through;
walk up;
walk up to;
walk-on part
walk-up price
walking bus
walking dictionary
walking encyclopedia
walking frame
walking papers
walking stick
walking wounded
wall anchor
wall chart
wall covering
wall hanging
wall in;
wall off;
wall painting
wall plug
Wall Street
Wall Street Crash
wall tent
wall unit
wall up;
walled garden
walleyed pike
walnut tree
walrus moustache
walrus mustache
Walter Mitty
waltz off;
waltz off with;
wander off;
want ad
want for;
want from;
want in;
want into;
want out;
want out of;
War and Peace
war bonnet
war bride
war chest
war council
war crime
war criminal
war cry
war dance
war effort
war game
war gaming
war machine
war memorial
war of nerves
War of the Roses
war of words
war paint
war plane
war room
war story
war widow
war zone
ward heeler
ward off;
wardrobe master
wardrobe mistress
warehouse club
warehouse store
warm down;
warm front
warm fuzzies
warm spot
warm through;
warm to;
warm towards;
warm up;
warming pan
warming trend
warn off;
warning sign
warning triangle
warp speed
warrant card
warrant officer
wash away;
wash basin
wash down;
wash down with;
wash off;
wash out;
wash over;
wash through;
wash up;
washed out
washed up
washing day
washing line
washing liquid
washing machine
washing powder
washing soda
washing-up liquid
Washington's Birthday
waste away;
waste basket
waste bin
waste disposal
waste disposal unit
waste disposer
waste matter
waste paper
waste pipe
waste product
waste-disposal unit
waste-paper basket
wastepaper basket
wasting disease
watch for;
watch it
watch list
watch out;
watch out for;
watch over;
watch strap
watching brief
water balloon
Water Bearer
water bed
water bill
water bird
water biscuit
water bottle
water buffalo
water bug
water butt
water cannon
Water Carrier
water chestnut
water clock
water closet
water cooler
water course
water cycle
water down;
water feature
water filter
water fountain
water glass
water gun
water hazard
water hole
water ice
water jump
water level
water lily
water line
water main
water meadow
water meter
water mill
water moccasin
water park
water pipe
water pistol
water polo
water power
water rat
water rate
water ski
water slide
water softener
water soluble
water sports
water strider
water supply
water table
water tank
water taxi
water tower
water vapor
water vapour
water vole
water wheel
water wings
watered down
watered silk
watering can
watering hole
watering place
watering spot
wattle and daub
wave and pay
wave aside;
wave away;
wave down;
wave file
wave machine
wave off;
wave through;
wave-cut platform
wax bean
wax museum
wax paper
waxed jacket
waxed paper
way of life
way out
way station
Ways and Means
ways and means
Ways and Means Committee
weak force
weak form
weak link
weak sister
weak spot
weaker sex
wealth creation
wean from;
wean off;
wean on;
weapon of mass destruction
wear and tear
wear away;
wear down;
wear in;
wear off;
wear on;
wear out;
wear through;
weasel into;
weasel out;
weasel out of;
weasel word
weather balloon
weather bureau
weather centre
weather forecast
weather forecaster
weather girl
weather man
weather map
weather ship
weather station
weather strip
weather stripping
weather vane
weave into;
weaver bird
Web 2.0
web address
web browser
web crawler
web designer
web farm
Web feed
web hosting
Web log
Web page
web page
Web ring
web ring
web server
web server farm
Web site
web site
web traffic
wedding anniversary
wedding band
wedding bells
wedding breakfast
wedding cake
wedding dress
wedding list
wedding march
wedding planner
wedding reception
wedding rehearsal
wedding ring
wedding tackle
wedge issue
Wee Free
wee hours
weed out;
Weed Whacker
Weed whacker
weekend warrior
weeping willow
weigh down;
weigh in;
weigh in at;
weigh in with;
weigh into;
weigh on;
weigh out;
weigh station
weigh up;
weighing machine
weight down;
weight lifter
weight lifting
weight machine
weight room
weight training
Weight Watchers
Weil's disease
weird out;
welcome mat
Welcome Wagon
Welfare State
welfare state
well adjusted
well advised
well appointed
well argued
well attended
well balanced
well behaved
well born
well bred
well brought up
well built
well chosen
well connected
well cut
well defined
well developed
well disposed
well documented
well done
well dressed
well earned
well educated
well endowed
well established
well fed
well formed
well founded
well groomed
well grounded
well heeled
well hung
well informed
well intentioned
well kept
well known
well liked
well man clinic
well mannered
well matched
well meaning
well meant
well nigh
well off
well oiled
well paid
well preserved
well qualified
well read
well rounded
well run
well spoken
well thought of
well thought out
well thumbed
well timed
well traveled
well travelled
well tried
well trodden
well turned
well up;
well used
well versed
well woman clinic
well worn
wellington boot
Welsh Assembly
Welsh dresser
welsh on;
Welsh rarebit
Wembley Stadium
wend your way
Wendy house
wendy house
Wernicke's area
West Bank
West Coast
West Country
West End
West German
West Indian
West Indies
West Point
West Side
West Wing
westerly wind
Western Front
Western medicine
western medicine
wet bar
wet blanket
wet dock
wet dream
wet fish
wet look
wet nurse
wet room
wet suit
whack off;
whacked out
whacking great
whale at;
whale on;
whale watch
what about
what all
what for
what if
what's more
what's new
what's the use
what's up
whatever you do
Wheat Belt
wheat complexion
wheat germ
wheel and deal
wheel arch
wheel around;
wheel clamp
wheel out;
wheelie bin
whether or not
while away;
whip hand
whip into;
whip through;
whip up;
whiplash injury
whipping boy
whipping cream
whirlpool bath
whisk broom
whispering campaign
whist drive
whistle at;
whistle stop
whistle-stop tour
Whit Sunday
white ant
white blood cell
white bread
white cell
white chocolate
white Christmas
white christmas
white cliffs of Dover
white collar
white corpuscle
white dwarf
white elephant
white fish
white flag
white flight
white flour
white goods
white heat
white hope
white horses
White House
white knight
white lie
white light
white lightning
white magic
white matter
white meat
white money
white noise
White Pages
white pages
White Paper
white paper
white pepper
white sale
white sauce
white slavery
white space
white spirit
white stick
white supremacist
white supremacy
white tie
white trash
white van man
white water
white way
white wedding
white whale
white wine
white witch
white-knuckle ride
white-tailed deer
white-van man
white-water rafting
whitewall tire
whitewall tyre
whitewater rafting
whittle away;
whittle down;
whiz kid
whiz through;
whizz kid
whizz through;
who cares
who's who
whole 'nother
whole caboodle
whole food
whole foods
whole grain
whole kit and caboodle
whole life insurance
whole meal
whole milk
whole note
whole nother
whole number
whole shebang
whole shooting match
whole step
whole wheat
wholesale price index
wholly-owned subsidiary
whoopee cushion
whooping cough
whopping great
why not
whys and wherefores
Wicked Witch of the West
wicket gate
wicket keeper
wide awake
wide boy
wide brown land
wide receiver
wide-angle lens
widow's peak
wig out;
wiggle room
wild boar
wild card
wild cat
wild child
wild flower
wild fowl
wild goose chase
wild oat
wild pitch
wild rice
Wild West
wild-goose chase
wildcat strike
wilderness area
wilds of
will not
will o' the wisp
will power
willy nilly
wimp out;
wimp out of;
win around;
win around to;
win back;
win out;
win over;
win over to;
win round;
win round to;
win through;
Winchester rifle
wind chill
wind chill factor
wind chime
wind down;
wind farm
wind gauge
wind instrument
wind machine
wind pollination
wind section
wind tunnel
wind turbine
wind up;
windchill factor
windfall tax
winding sheet
window box
window cleaner
window dresser
window dressing
window frame
window ledge
window of opportunity
window pane
window seat
window shade
window shopper
window shopping
window sill
window washer
windscreen wiper
windshield wiper
Windy City
wine bar
wine cellar
wine cooler
wine farm
wine glass
wine gum
wine list
wine merchant
wine rack
wine red
wine steward
wine tasting
wine vinegar
wing back
wing chair
wing collar
wing commander
wing mirror
wing nut
wing span
wing-backed chair
wingback chair
wink at;
winkle out;
winkle out of;
winner's circle
winning post
winning streak
winnow down;
winnow out;
winnow out of;
winter solstice
winter sport
winter squash
wipe away;
wipe down;
wipe off;
wipe out;
wipe up;
wiped out
wire brush
wire cutters
wire fraud
wire netting
wire service
wire strippers
wire up;
wire wool
wired up
Wireless Application Protocol
wisdom teeth
wisdom tooth
wise ass
wise guy
wise up;
wise woman
wish away;
wish for;
wish list
wish on;
wishful thinking
wishing well
witch doctor
witch hazel
witch hunt
witch's brew
witches' brew
witching hour
with bated breath
with gusto
with impunity
with it
with kid gloves
with malice aforethought
with reference to
with regard to
with respect to
with the exception of
withdrawal symptoms
wither away;
withholding tax
within earshot
within reach
within reason
within the purview of
without exception
without fail
without further ado
witness box
witness stand
witness to;
witter on;
wolf down;
wolf whistle
woman of letters
woman of the world
woman to woman
women's group
Women's Institute
Women's Lib
women's lib
women's libber
Women's Liberation
women's liberation
women's liberationist
women's movement
women's refuge
women's rights
women's room
women's shelter
women's studies
won ton
wonder drug
woo hoo
wood carving
wood louse
wood pigeon
wood pulp
wood stove
wood-burning stove
wooden spoon
woolly mammoth
Woop Woop
Worcester sauce
Worcestershire sauce
word association
word break
word class
word division
word family
word for word
Word of God
word of mouth
word play
word processing
word processor
word wrapping
work around;
work around to;
work at;
work basket
work camp
work day
work ethic
work experience
work in;
work into;
work load
work of art
work off;
work on;
work out;
work out at;
work out to;
work over;
work permit
work place
work placement
work release
work round;
work round to;
work station
work surface
work through;
work to;
work to rule
work toward;
work towards;
work up;
work up into;
work up to;
work week
work-life balance
work-study program
worked up
worker participation
workers' comp
workers' compensation
working breakfast
working capital
working class
working day
working father
working girl
working group
working holiday
working life
working lunch
working man
working men's club
working mother
working order
working paper
working papers
working parent
working party
working person
working poor
working practices
working stiff
working week
working woman
works council
World Bank
world beater
World Cup
world economy
World English
world English
World Health Organization
World Heritage Site
world language
world leader
world music
world order
world power
World Series
World Service
World Trade Organization
world view
world war
World War I
World War II
World War III
World War One
World War Two
World Wide Fund for Nature
World Wide Web
world's fair
worm into;
worm out of;
worn out
worry at;
worry beads
worse off
worst-case scenario
would fain
would love to
would not
would rather
wound up
wow factor
wrack and ruin
wrap around;
wrap round;
wrap up;
wrapped up
wrapping paper
wreak destruction
wreak havoc
wreak vengeance
wrecking ball
wrest from;
wrestle with;
wriggle out of;
wring from;
wring out;
wring out of;
wringing wet
wrinkle up;
wrist support
wrist watch
write away;
write away for;
write away to;
write away to for;
write back;
write back to;
write down;
write in;
write in for;
write in to;
write in to for;
write into;
write off;
write off as;
write off for;
write off to;
write off to for;
write out;
write out of;
write up;
write-in candidate
writer's block
writer's cramp
writing desk
writing paper
written word
wrong foot
wrongful death
wrought iron
X chromosome
X factor
x out;
X ray
x ray
X-acto knife
Xerox machine
Y chromosome
yada yada
yada yada yada
yadda yadda
yadda yadda yadda
yadda, yadda, yadda
Yale lock
yard goods
yard line
yard sale
year end
year's end
yeast extract
yeast infection
yell out;
yellow card
yellow fever
yellow flag
yellow jacket
yellow journalism
yellow line
Yellow Pages
yellow pages
yellow ribbon
yellow spot
yellowfin tuna
yes man
yes siree
yes siree Bob
yes-no question
yew tree
yield to;
yield up;
yin and yang
ying yang
Yo Yo
yo-yo dieting
Yom Kippur
yoo hoo
Yorkshire Dales
Yorkshire pudding
Yorkshire terrier
you know
you know what
you know who
you see
you're welcome
young blood
young gun
young lady
young man
young marrieds
young offender
young offenders' institution
young person
young thing
young Turk
your own way
Yours faithfully
yours sincerely
yours truly
youth club
youth culture
youth custody
youth hostel
youth hostelling
youth worker
yule log
yum yum
yummy mummy
Z angles
zebra crossing
Zen Buddhism
Zen Buddhists
zero G
zero gravity
zero grazing
zero growth
zero hour
zero in on;
zero option
zero out;
zero population growth
zero tolerance
zero-sum game
Zimmer frame
zinc oxide
ZIP code
zip code
zip disk
Zip drive
zip drive
zip fastener
ZIP file
Zip file
zip file
zip gun
zip through;
zip up;
Ziploc bag
zipped file
zone defence
zone defense
zone out;
zoned out
zonk out;
zonked out
zoological garden
zoological gardens
zoological park
zoom in;
zoom lens
zoom out;
zoot suit
